```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police has been recognised as a Disability Confident Employer, having been accredited by the Department of Work and Pensions last week.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police awarded Disability Confident accreditation
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/warwickshire-police-awarded-disability-confident-accreditation/
publish:
  date: 13:36 26/02/2021
title: Warwickshire Police awarded Disability Confident accreditation | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/warwickshire-police-awarded-disability-confident-accreditation/
```

Warwickshire Police has been recognised as a Disability Confident Employer, having been accredited by the Department of Work and Pensions last week.

The nationally recognised scheme encourages employers to be positive about the skills that people with disabilities can bring to the workforce, and helps to remove any barriers to recruiting and retaining employees with disabilities or long-term health conditions. The scheme is geared at challenging attitudes and increasing understanding of disability, and ensuring those with disabilities have the opportunities to fulfil their potential.

The scheme has three levels - Employer, Committed and Leader. Having recently gained the 'Committed' accreditation, the force is now actively working towards the top award, which will require further validation, a narrative of the activities being taken to become a Disability Confident Leader, and regular reporting on disability, mental health and wellbeing in the workplace.

Following the award, Alison Hall, Head of Human Resources at Warwickshire Police, said: "We're extremely proud to have been recognised for this positive approach - it is a significant step and shows a clear commitment that we are always keen to improve, learn and widen our understanding of disability and to provide equality of opportunity for all.

"As well as actively looking to attract, recruit and retain people with disabilities within our workforce, we also look to colleagues in other forces and the private sector, and have also gained membership with a specialist disability organisation to ensure we have access to support and good practice guidance to support those working for our organisation.

"We remain committed to ensuring Warwickshire Police is a truly inclusive and supportive employer, and we strive to be representative of the communities we serve. I hope any potential applicants for our roles are encouraged by this, which recognises the value and commitment that the organisation upholds."

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
