```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police is taking part in national Road Safety Week between 18 - 24 Nov 2019. The week is an opportunity to highlight road safety and thousands of schools, communities and organisations take part across the country.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police takes part in National Road Safety Week of activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/warwickshire-police-takes-part-in-national-road-safety-week-of-activity/
publish:
  date: 10:02 12/11/2019
title: Warwickshire Police takes part in National Road Safety Week of activity | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/warwickshire-police-takes-part-in-national-road-safety-week-of-activity/
```

Warwickshire Police is taking part in national Road Safety Week between 18 - 24 Nov 2019. The week is an opportunity to highlight road safety and thousands of schools, communities and organisations take part across the country.

The theme for Road Safety Week 2019 is 'Step up for Safe Streets' and the week long campaign aims to encourage everyone to step up and play a part in making our roads safer.

In 2018, 35 people were killed and 325 people were seriously injured on Warwickshire's Roads. Reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on our roads has been set as a priority for Warwickshire Police and we will be working with partners across Warwickshire to help achieve this.

Inspector Jem Mountford said "The week provides an opportunity for officers and staff to step up to highlight their vital role in helping keep people safe on the county's roads and conduct enforcement activity. We will also be using social media to raise awareness of the Road Safety Week and putting out messages to encourage communities to stay safe on Warwickshire's roads."

If you would like to follow road safety week, we will be using the hash tags #RoadSafetyWeek and #StepUp. You can also follow the relevant Twitter accounts: @opuwarks @warkspolice @brakecharity

See more information.

**Issued: 10am Tuesday 12 November 2019, HN Corporate Communications**

## Road Safety Week 18-24 November 2019
