```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit has been nominated by their peers as \u2018HGV Heroes\u2019."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit has been nominated by their peers as \u2018HGV Heroes\u2019."
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/warwickshire-polices-commercial-vehicle-unit-has-been-nominated-by-their-peers-as-hgv-heroes/
publish:
  date: 11:29 01/07/2020
title: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit has been nominated by their peers as \u2018HGV Heroes\u2019. | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/warwickshire-polices-commercial-vehicle-unit-has-been-nominated-by-their-peers-as-hgv-heroes/
```

Warwickshire Police's Commercial Vehicle Unit has been nominated by their peers as 'HGV Heroes'.

The nomination was made on the Road Haulage Association website www.hgvheroes.co.uk and recognises that throughout the pandemic the Warwickshire Police Commercial Vehicle Unit team have continued to work with commercial vehicles across the county, ensuring that HGV drivers are taking the appropriate breaks, paying the HGV levy, securing their loads and adhering to CDG regulations.

Within the Midlands Warwickshire's CVU are regional leads, but also lead nationally on Operation Tramline - Highways England's unmarked HGV that is used on the network ensuring that all road users are adhering to the law.

As HGV drivers themselves, the CVU are passionate about driving and keeping the sector safe, educating and only using enforcement when necessary.

Speaking for the team, PS Carl Stafford said "We are humbled to be recognised by our peers for the work we have been doing within the commercial vehicle community."

PCC Philip Seccombe said "This is great news for Warwickshire Police and a feather in the cap. What pleases me most is that the increased focus and investment, I have helped bring about, to improve road safety in the county has been recognised."

You can follow the work of Warwickshire's Commercial Vehicle Unit on twitter to see their latest vehicle stops and checks using the hashtag #CVUWarks.

The HGV Hero campaign was established by the RHA to highlight some of the fantastic work that our road hauliers have been doing recently, across multiple disciplines, skills and qualifications, in order to keep our country going during these challenging times.

The road transport industry is one of the most important industries in the UK. It is essential for businesses and delivers everything that we rely on in our day to day lives, with 95% of all goods in the UK at some point travelling by road.

The sector is also the 5th largest in the UK, employing over 2.5million people; from drivers, engineers, project managers, logistics coordinators to web developers, data scientists, coders, designers and more. There are thousands of different opportunities, careers and jobs within the sector.

If you know someone who is working within the haulage industry and would like to say thank you, then you can nominate your own HGV Hero on www.hgvheroes.co.uk.
