```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man who caused the death of his 22-year-old step daughter while over the drink drive limit has been jailed.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for causing death of his step daughter in Wishaw crash
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-causing-death-of-his-step-daughter-in-wishaw-crash/
publish:
  date: 15:40 26/03/2021
title: Man jailed for causing death of his step daughter in Wishaw crash | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-causing-death-of-his-step-daughter-in-wishaw-crash/
```

A man who caused the death of his 22-year-old step daughter while over the drink drive limit has been jailed.

Paul Hampson, 46, of Birmingham Road, Water Orton was sentenced yesterday (Thursday 25 March) at Coventry Crown Court to seven years and 11 months in jail after admitting causing death by careless driving while under the influence of alcohol in October 2018.

The court heard that Hampson was driving home from a wedding on 7 October 2018 when his car left the road in Holly Lane, Wishaw and collided with a tree.

Hampson's step-daughter, who was a passenger in the car, was seriously injured and died a few days later in hospital.

Another woman was seriously injured.

Investigating officers were unable to prove how much Hampson was over the drink drive limit as he refused to allow his blood specimen to be analysed.

PC Jamie Blood from the Warwickshire Police Serious Investigation Team said: "This was a tragic and avoidable incident. This woman had her whole life ahead of her and her loss was devastating for everyone who knew her.

"As with all cases of drink driving, Hampson's actions were shocking and selfish. While justice has been served it will be of small comfort to the victim's family and friends because it should never have happened. Hampson made the decision to get behind the wheel of his car while drunk and the consequences of this decision were tragic.

"On top of this he made every effort to hamper our investigation by refusing to allow his blood sample to be analysed. This behaviour showed a total lack of respect for the victim's family and friends, and still leaves them with unanswered questions.

"Next time anyone thinks of driving while under the influence of alcohol and disregarding the safety of others I would urge them to remember this case and think of the potential consequences of their actions.

"I hope Hampson spends his time behind bars reflecting on his actions and the impacts they have had."

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
