```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to prison for conspiring to commit burglary dwellings and conspiring to steal cars.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for conspiracy offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-for-conspiracy-offences/
publish:
  date: 15:22 01/02/2021
title: Man sentenced for conspiracy offences | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-for-conspiracy-offences/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to prison for conspiring to commit burglary dwellings and conspiring to steal cars.

Robert Anderson, aged 27 of Newton Road, Bedworth, appeared at Coventry Crown Court last Friday (29 January) where he was found guilty of conspiring to commit the following offences:

 * A burglary on Calendar Close, Nuneaton between 28 October 2018 and 30 October 2018. A number of personal items from were stolen, including the keys to a Skoda Superb which was also stolen.

 * A burglary on Leicester Road, Shilton, on 30 October 2018. Four sets of car keys were stolen from the house as well as personal items. A silver BMW 540i and a black Skoda Superb were also taken.

 * A burglary on Church Road, Ryton-on-Dunsmore, on 1 November 2018. Keys to an Audi A4 s-line were stolen and the vehicle was then taken from the driveway.

 * A burglary on Durrell Drive, Cawston, Rugby, between 31 October 2018 and 1 November 2018. Keys to a white Audi A5 and the vehicle were stolen.

 * A burglary on St Andrews Drive, Nuneaton, on 2 November 2018. Keys and a blue BMW M3 were stolen from the property.

 * A burglary on Sycamore Road, Kingsbury, on 5 November 2018. Car keys, a mobile phone and a white VW Golf were stolen.

 On Friday, Anderson was sentenced to six years and six months for his involvement. A 22-year-old man from Coventry was also sentenced to three years' imprisonment for conspiracy to commit burglary dwellings last July, in connection with the offences.

Not all of the cars were recovered and none of the personal items ever were.

Investigating officer, Det Con Sian Cook from Nuneaton CID said: "House burglaries have far-reaching impacts on the victims involved, from feeling violated that someone has broken into their home through to the personal and financial distress of having things stolen.

"We are determined to tackle burglary and vehicle crime in our communities, and any information we receive from the public can be vital in identifying those responsible.

"I hope this sentence goes some way to not only reassure the public that we take these offences seriously but also that we will always work to bring those involved before the courts."

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
