```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man who groomed a teenage girl has been jailed for 20 months.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwick man jailed for grooming 14-year-old girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/warwick-man-jailed-for-grooming-14-year-old-girl/
publish:
  date: 14:11 11/03/2021
title: Warwick man jailed for grooming 14-year-old girl | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/warwick-man-jailed-for-grooming-14-year-old-girl/
```

CORRECTED: Please note a correction below in bold.

A man who groomed a teenage girl has been jailed for 20 months.

Jason William Clarke, aged 47, of Webb Drive, Warwick started chatting to the 14-year-old online in 2019.

Despite knowing her age they started to exchange explicit photos.

When the girl's teacher became suspicious the police were informed and Clarke was arrested in January 2020 after he was identified through phone records.

He was sentenced at Warwick Crown Court today ( **Thursday 11 March** ) after previously pleading guilty to engaging in sexual communication with a child, causing a child to look at an image of sexual activity and causing a girl to engage in sexual activity.

Clarke was also given a sex offence prevention order and ordered to sign the sex offenders' register.

Detective Constable Claire Scott from Warwickshire Police CID said: "Clarke showed typical behaviours associated with grooming. He made his victim feel special to the point where she believed they were in love; in fact he was just grooming her for his own sexual gratification.

"His actions continue to have a huge impact on his victim who has shown great bravery in supporting this investigation."

**What is grooming?**

Grooming is when someone builds a relationship, trust and emotional connection with someone so they can manipulate, exploit and abuse them.

**Spotting the signs of child grooming.**

Spotting the signs of a child being groomed can be difficult. They may include:

 * Being secretive, especially around their online activity
 * Having an older boyfriend or girlfriend
 * Having money or new things such as mobile phones or clothes they can't or won't account for
 * Drinking or taking drugs
 * Spending more or less time online
 * Being upset, withdrawn or distressed
 * Sexualised behaviour not appropriate for their age
 * Going missing from home.

**How to report concern around grooming**

 * If someone is in immediate danger dial 999
 * If it is not an emergency call police on 101
 * Visit a police station to speak to an officer in person
 * Contact the NSPCC to speak to a professional practitioner
 * contact the children's social care team at your local council
 * Make an anonymous report to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
