```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Over the last weekend 14-15 December 2019, Warwickshire Police officers arrested at more people on suspicion of drink driving including the following.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police arrest more people for drink driving over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/warwickshire-police-arrest-more-people-for-drink-driving-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 15:48 16/12/2019
title: Warwickshire Police arrest more people for drink driving over the weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/warwickshire-police-arrest-more-people-for-drink-driving-over-the-weekend/
```

Over the weekend of 14-15 December 2019, Warwickshire Police officers have arrested more people on suspicion of drink driving including the following:

**Incident 35 of 14 December 2019**

Officers arrested a 26 year old man from Rugby on suspicion of drink driving after he was found sitting in the driver's seat of a vehicle in Cawston, Rugby at 01.25hours on Saturday morning 14 December 2019.

He was taken into police custody and following questioning he was also arrested for driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence and for using a motor vehicle on a road / public place without third party insurance.

**Incident 498 of 14 December 2019**

A member of the public alerted police at 22.30hours on Saturday 14 December due to concern that a man had left a licensed premises in Alcester and was believed to have collided with several parked vehicles as he had driven off.

Officers arrived at the home address of the man in Alcester to find his vehicle with severe rear end damage. The man was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and kept in custody overnight for questioning the following morning.

**Incident 100 of 15 December 2019**

Police were called by a member of the public on her way to work in Rugby after she had come across a moped on the road and a man lying on the Kipling roundabout on the A426 next to Tesco, Rugby at 05.45hours on Sunday morning 15 December.

Officers arrived to find a 28 year old man from Northampton on the Kipling Island. He was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and taken into custody.

**Incident 114 of 15 December 2019**

Police officers arrested a 38 year old man from West Bromwich on suspicion of drink driving after Highways England alerted them to a vehicle that was allegedly driving erratically on the M6 Northbound at 07.00hours on Sunday morning 15 December. Officers arrived and the driver was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and taken into custody.

Officers are grateful to any members of the public who contacted police over the weekend to inform them of suspected drink drivers they had witnessed to provide the vehicle details and circumstances.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Issued: 3.50pm Monday 16 December 2019, HN Corporate Communications**
