```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Officers are issuing vehicle security advice to van owners after a spate of thefts overnight.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Advice to vehicle owners following overnight thefts \u2013 North Warwickshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/advice-to-vehicle-owners-following-overnight-thefts--north-warwickshire/
publish:
  date: 13:17 16/10/2019
title: "Advice to vehicle owners following overnight thefts \u2013 North Warwickshire | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/advice-to-vehicle-owners-following-overnight-thefts--north-warwickshire/
```

Officers are issuing vehicle security advice to van owners after a spate of thefts overnight.

Between around 12.30am and 2.15am this morning (Thursday 16 October), there were seven thefts from vehicles on Amberley Avenue, Bulkington, Black-A-Tree Road in Nuneaton and Long St, Atherstone.

The offences are currently believed to be linked, and the offenders and believed to have been using a Ford Mondeo.

PC Gabrielle Gameson from Warwickshire Police said: "We are currently investigating a number of van thefts within the area and would appeal to anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour to please come forward.

"Equally, if you have been offered any tools for sale and are suspicious, please let us know.

"Always ensure that vehicles are locked when parked and that valuables are never left in the vehicle or on display.

"If anyone witnessed any of the incidents or any suspicious behaviour in the area, please call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 10 of 16 October 2019."

Please also note the following vehicle theft prevention advice:

• Vehicles should be locked at all times and valuables should not be left in the vehicle or on display.

• All tools should be property marked.

• When leaving your vehicle overnight, park in well-lit areas and near your home if possible.

• Tools that need to be left in the vehicle should be stored securely and not left on display.

• If your vehicle is not alarmed, consider having an immobiliser fitted. They can work as a deterrent and will draw people's attention to the vehicle if it is broken into.

• If you witness any suspicious behaviour, please call Warwickshire Police on 101 or if you see a vehicle being broken into and a crime is taking place, call 999.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
