```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "A new function has now been added to Warwickshire Police\u2019s website, enabling the public to be able to report non-emergency road traffic incidents and collisions online."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Report road traffic incidents online
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/report-road-traffic-incidents-online/
publish:
  date: 13:20 23/09/2020
title: Report road traffic incidents online | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/report-road-traffic-incidents-online/
```

Non-emergency road traffic incidents and collisions can now be reported online, due to a new feature on the website.

As of today (Wednesday 23 September), the feature is now live and means the following reports can now be submitted via the website:

 * Road traffic collisions
 * Allegations of bad driving
 * Intelligence
 * Signposting when there is no need to report and completing a form for insurance purposes.

Benefits of the using the website are:

 * Incidents or crimes which don't require an physical police response can be reported in the comfort of the user's own home. Reports will go straight into the Traffic Processing Unit, which will save the public having to come to a front counter to fill out paperwork.
 * It can save callers waiting in a queue to speak to someone on 101 - which unfortunately can sometimes get busy during peak periods.
 * It helps to keep resources free for emergency 999 calls.
 * When a report is submitted, the user will receive an email with all of their submitted details for reference, including a unique reference number
 * As well as the online reporting feature, the website also contains lots of information and guidance, including advice on who you should report specific matters to.
 * All reports which come into the force will be effectively triaged to ensure members of the public receive the correct response.

Supt Emma Bastone, who oversees the force's Operational Communications Centre (OCC), said: "Since the introduction of our 'new' website last September, a number of features have been enabled including the ability to report non-emergency offences and anti-social behaviour online. We're really pleased to now see the option of online collision reporting, which we feel will be of real benefit to the public.

"When a road traffic collision or incident is reported online, users will fill out a statement with a digital signature. They will be asked simple and dynamic questions based on the type of incident, and once submitted they will receive a confirmation page with a reference number and copy of the report. This will really assist motorists who need this information for an insurance claim.

"Not only does online reporting help to keep our lines free for the most urgent calls, but for the public reporting online will also mean not having to wait to speak to someone (via 101). The online forms are intuitive and straightforward, with specific short questions asked to help provide the answers we need.

"We would ask that all accidents are reported to us as soon as possible, ideally within 24 hours. For those who do not have access to the internet or do not feel confident using it, please be assured that our 101 number is still available 24/7, but we do ask that if it's not an emergency and you are able to, please visit our website in the first instance."

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
