```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Police arrested a 42 year old male from Coventry on suspicion of drink driving after a member of the public alerted Warwickshire Police at 22.15 hours on Friday 6 December 2019 due to concern the man was going to drive a van in Meriden Road, Fillongley.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police arrest five people for drink driving over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/police-arrest-five-people-for-drink-driving-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 13:47 09/12/2019
title: Police arrest five people for drink driving over the weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/police-arrest-five-people-for-drink-driving-over-the-weekend/
```

Warwickshire Police is asking the public not to drink and drive after at least five people were arrested on suspicion of drink driving over the weekend.

Incident 507 of 6 December 2019

Police arrested a 42 year old male from Coventry on suspicion of drink driving after a member of the public alerted Warwickshire Police at 22.15 hours on Friday 6 December 2019 due to concern the man was going to drive a van in Meriden Road, Fillongley.

Police arrived to find the man driving the van. The driver was arrested.

Incident 15 of 6 December 2019

Police arrested a 27 year old from Atherstone on suspicion of drink driving after the vehicle he was driving was involved in a collision with another car at Boot Hill, Grendon. An off duty police officer detained the male at the scene and called police at 1am on 6 December to report the incident. Officers arrived and the man was taken into police custody.

Incident 77 of 7 December 2019

At 05.30hours on Saturday 7 December 2019 officers driving along Tachbrook Road, Leamington Spa, came across a car with substantial damage to the vehicle. Officers arrested a 30 year old man from Leamington Spa who was asleep in the driving seat with the engine running and with vomit inside the car on suspicion of drink driving.

Incident 5 of 8 December 2019

Police were called at 00.15 hours on Sunday 8 December 2019 to an incident where a car was in collision with a van in Warwick Street, Leamington Spa.

Police arrived and the female driver of the car was arrested on suspicion of drink driving. She spent the night in police custody.

Incident 99 of 8 December 2019

Police arrested a 26 year old female from Nuneaton on suspicion of drink driving at 03.30 hours on Sunday 8 December 2019 after the vehicle she was driving was stopped by officers in Nuneaton and she was asked to provide a specimen of breath. She was taken into police custody where she spent the night.

Any witnesses to any of the above incidents are please asked to call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting the appropriate incident number.

Officers are also grateful to those members of the public who contacted police over the weekend to inform them of suspected drink drivers they had witnessed to provide the vehicle details and circumstances. Enquiries are ongoing in relation to these incidents.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Issued: 13.50 hours Monday 9 December 2019, HN Corporate Communications**
