```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: 'Over the New Year Period, officers continued to arrest people across Warwickshire on suspicion of drink driving including the following:'
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More arrests for drink driving over the New Year
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/more-arrests-for-drink-driving-over-the-new-year/
publish:
  date: 11:43 03/01/2020
title: More arrests for drink driving over the New Year | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/more-arrests-for-drink-driving-over-the-new-year/
```

Over the New Year period, officers continued to arrest people across Warwickshire on suspicion of drink driving including the following:

Officers arrested a 55 year old man from Leamington Spa on suspicion of drink driving at 8.10pm on 31 December 2019 in Newbold Terrace, Leamington Spa after a member of the public informed police that they believed he may be driving his vehicle in drink. Officers attended the location and he was arrested.

A 32 year old man from Coventry was arrested on suspicion of drink driving when a member of the public alerted police to a vehicle they were driving behind that they believed was being driven erratically in Withybrook Road, Bulkington just before 3pm on 31 December 2019. Officers would like to thank the members of the public who stayed with the man until officers arrived when the vehicle pulled over with a damaged tyre.

Police arrested a 64 year old man from Coventry at 3.20am on 1 January 2020 on suspicion of drink driving after the vehicle he was driving was stopped by officers on the M6.

Police arrested a 31 year old woman from Nuneaton on suspicion of drink driving at 2.50am on 1 January 2020 near Asda in Nuneaton. She had a young child with her.

A 39 year old woman from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of drink driving at 2.35am on 1 January 2020 when the vehicle she was driving was involved in a collision on Lawford Road, Rugby.

Police arrested a 42 year old man from Leamington Spa on suspicion of drink driving at 0.35am on 1 January 2020 after the vehicle he was driving was stopped by police in Gainsborough Drive, Leamington.

Police arrested a 53 year old man from Whitnash in Trinculo Grove, Warwick at 5.40pm on 1 January 2020 on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drink or drugs after the vehicle he was driving was in collision with street furniture.

Police arrested a 29 year old man from Coventry on suspicion of drink driving following a collision at the entrance barrier to the country club in Leek Wootton at 8.15pm on 1 January 2020. Officers would like to thank staff and members of the public who assisted and stayed with the driver until officers arrived.

Police arrested a 28 year old man on suspicion of drink driving at 2.40am on 1 January 2020 in Severn Meadows, Stratford upon Avon when officers stopped the vehicle he was driving.

Police arrested a 19 year old man from Cleeve Prior on suspicion of drink driving after he was spotted by CCTV operators who alerted officers that he may be a drink driver. Police attended and stopped the vehicle at 5.20am on 1 January 2020 in the Swans Nest Car Park in Stratford Upon Avon.

Police arrested a 31 year old man from Peterborough on suspicion of drink driving after the public alerted them to a vehicle they believed was being driven erratically in Rowland Street, Rugby at 8am on 1 January 2020. Officers arrived and arrested the driver.

Police arrested a 32 year old man from Nuneaton on suspicion of drink driving after officers were alerted to a two vehicle collision in Haunchwood Road, Nuneaton at 8.26am on 1 January 2020. Four people including the arrested driver needed hospital treatment. Any witnesses are please asked to contact Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident 204 of 1 January 2020.

Officers are grateful to those members of the public who contacted police over Christmas and New Year period to inform them of suspected drink drivers they had witnessed to provide the vehicle details and circumstances.

Officers are continuing to ask the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Issued: 11.45am Friday 3 January 2020, HN Corporate Communications**
