```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Forty-four year old Malcolm Joseph Clarkson from Cat Tail Lane, Southport has been sentenced to three years and 6 months imprisonment after appearing at Warwick Crown Court on Friday 5 March 2021 charged with Causing Death by Dangerous Driving. He has also been banned from driving for 6 years 9 months with an extended retest.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Lorry driver sentenced for Causing Death by Dangerous Driving of \u2018Good Samaritan\u2019 on M40 near Stratford upon Avon"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/lorry-driver-sentenced-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-of-good-samaritan-on-m40-near-stratford-upon-avon/
publish:
  date: 09:13 10/03/2021
title: "Lorry driver sentenced for Causing Death by Dangerous Driving of \u2018Good Samaritan\u2019 on M40 near Stratford upon Avon | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/lorry-driver-sentenced-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-of-good-samaritan-on-m40-near-stratford-upon-avon/
```

Forty-four year old Malcolm Joseph Clarkson from Cat Tail Lane, Southport has been sentenced to three years and 6 months imprisonment after appearing at Warwick Crown Court on Friday 5 March 2021 charged with Causing Death by Dangerous Driving. He has also been banned from driving for 6 years 9 months with an extended retest.

Clarkson had pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing at Warwickshire Magistrates Court on 8 January 2021.

Scott McConnell of Barrow in Furness, Cumbria who was 26 years old at the time, died when the white Scania lorry being driven by Clarkson drove into the back of his silver Volkswagon at 22.16 hours on Tuesday 19 November 2019 on the M40 Junction 12 to 13 northbound, near Stratford-upon-Avon.

The collision involved four vehicles and occurred in two stages starting when a Peugeot Partner van collided with the back of a Mann lorry in lane 1 of the M40. The Peugeot was left damaged in lane 1 and the Mann lorry pulled up onto the hard shoulder ahead to await assistance.

Scott was driving his Volkswagon when he came across the scene and stopped behind the Peugeot straddling the hard shoulder and lane 1. Scott then sat in the front of his car and called the emergency services and was on the phone to a Warwickshire Police call handler when his car was struck from behind by Malcolm Clarkson's Scania lorry.

Scott suffered fatal injuries during the collision and the Peugeot driver who was believed to have been stood on the hard shoulder suffered serious injuries including a fracture to his shoulder as well as cuts and bruises.

26year old Scott McConnell

Police arrived at the scene and officers performed CPR on Scott until paramedics arrived. Sadly, Scott did not regain consciousness and died the following morning in hospital.

Speaking after the sentence PSI Liam Ryan said "This is a particularly tragic case as Scott was trying to protect another driver when he was killed.

"The collision occurred when Malcolm Clarkson had just finished speaking to his mum on the hands free system in the cab. The Forensic Collision Investigation report concluded that the Scania braked just 24 metres or 1 second prior to the impact. There is no doubt that being on the phone hands free moments before the collision distracted Clarkson to the extent that he was unable to react to the road ahead as he was not giving it his full attention.

"This had fatal consequences for Scott, a young promising adult who was doing what he could to help another road user.

"Whilst the sentence demonstrates the seriousness of this offence, and Scott's family can be proud of his actions, unfortunately nothing can bring Scott back to his family."

Warwickshire Police officers, and our Commercial Vehicle Unit in particular will continue to do everything they can to make our roads safer through operations such as Tramline where a HGV supercab is used to observe driver behaviours such as drivers using mobiles, driving without due care and attention, or not wearing seatbelts.
