```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A Leamington man has been jailed in connection with a burglary and assaulting two police officers.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed in connection with Leamington burglary and assaulting police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/man-jailed-in-connection-with-leamington-burglary-and-assaulting-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 16:21 02/02/2021
title: Man jailed in connection with Leamington burglary and assaulting police officers | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/man-jailed-in-connection-with-leamington-burglary-and-assaulting-police-officers/
```

A Leamington man has been jailed in connection with a burglary and assaulting two police officers.

Michael Atkins, 40, of Portland Street, appeared at Warwick Crown Court via live link today (Tuesday, 2 February) where he was sentenced to 26 months in prison.

The sentence comes after Atkins admitted carrying out a burglary at a property on Avenue Road in Leamington and assaulting two police officers following his arrest for this offence.

At around 12.20pm on 24 October, Atkins forced entry to the home on Avenue Road and carried out an untidy search of the address before making off with a number of items of jewellery.

The victim returned home a short time later to discover that one of her windows had been smashed, items were missing and there was blood in her hallway. She reported the incident to police and was able to provide CCTV footage from cameras outside her address which showed a man breaking into her property.

Officers identified Atkins from the victim's CCTV footage and attended his address to speak to him however he refused to let them in and fled from his property, jumping over the back fence to get away. Officers pursued Atkins on foot and arrested him a short time later.

While in custody at Leamington Police Station, he assaulted two officers by pushing one of them several times and throwing a glass of water at the other.

On 25 October, Atkins was charged with one count of burglary of a dwelling and theft, and two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, and was remanded in custody. He was today sentenced to 25 months in prison for the burglary and one month for assaulting an emergency worker.

Detective Constable Matthew Collins said: "Burglaries can have a devastating impact on victims who are often left feeling unsafe in their own home, which is why our priority is to bring offenders to justice where possible and protect our communities from harm.

"I hope this sentence goes some way to reassure the public that we take crimes of this nature very seriously and we will not tolerate them, nor will we tolerate assaults against our officers or any of our emergency service colleagues who work tirelessly to keep people safe.

"I am very happy that Atkins has been identified, justice has been done and that he is now behind bars."

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
