```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested for drug offences by officers leading a crackdown on county lines drug crime in Rugby.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two people arrested as part of county lines drug crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/two-people-arrested-as-part-of-county-lines-drug-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 12:18 05/02/2020
title: Two people arrested as part of county lines drug crackdown | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/two-people-arrested-as-part-of-county-lines-drug-crackdown/
```

Two people have been arrested for drug offences by officers leading a crackdown on county lines drug crime in Rugby.

As well as making the arrests officers also seized class A drugs, cash, mobile phones, and a car.

The two men from Leicester, aged 20 and 22, were arrested on Monday (3 February) on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. They have both been bailed until March while enquiries continue.

The men were arrested by detectives from Rugby Proactive CID in Park Road, Rugby, following a report of suspicious activity.

Talking about the crackdown on county lines crime, Detective Constable Tom Quinlan from Rugby Proactive CID said: "Tackling county lines is one of our top priorities and one which we are taking a robust approach in tackling.

"County lines drug crime is a national problem that sees dealers travel from large cities to smaller towns and rural areas. They often take over the homes of vulnerable people in order deal from them.

"We want to make Warwickshire a hostile place for county lines drug dealers to operate in and will continue to take action to disrupt their activity.

"We want to hear from anyone who may have any information or concerns about people involved in drug dealing or vulnerable people being exploited by drug dealers. Information from the public is vital because it helps us to get a better picture of the problem and who is involved.

"No matter how small the information, we want to hear from you. You can call us on 101 or you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
