```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Operations Patrol Unit Officers detected 39 offences and provided advice to 16 motorists during Warwickshire Police\u2019s latest roads policing operation that started on Monday 17 August in Abbey Street, Nuneaton. The operation then progressed to Rugby, the M40 South Warwick Services before moving to their final location at M6 North Corley Services on Thursday 20 August."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cross County roads policing operation detects 39 road traffic offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/cross-county-roads-policing-operation-detects-39-road-traffic-offences/
publish:
  date: 16:15 25/08/2020
title: Cross County roads policing operation detects 39 road traffic offences | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/cross-county-roads-policing-operation-detects-39-road-traffic-offences/
```

Operations Patrol Unit Officers detected 39 offences and provided advice to 16 motorists during Warwickshire Police's latest roads policing operation that started on Monday 17 August in Abbey Street, Nuneaton. The operation then progressed to Rugby, the M40 South Warwick Services before moving to their final location at M6 North Corley Services on Thursday 20 August.

During the operation, officers identified and intercepted commercial and private vehicles they believed to be unsafe, including vehicles potentially carrying unsafe loads, towing overloaded trailers or being used in an unsafe condition. The vehicles were escorted into a static site where the vehicle and paperwork could be inspected and any offences dealt with appropriately. Recovery agents were also on site where available to deal with any vehicle seizures.

As a result, nine drivers were prohibited from continuing their journeys until vehicle defects were corrected or the weight of their vehicle was brought within legal limits. Paperwork was also checked and five drivers received Traffic Offence Reports for no insurance and their vehicles were seized. One driver received a TOR for no MOT and two drivers for no tax.

OPU Sergeant Leanne Mason explained "The operation forms part of an increased focus on improving the safety of Warwickshire's roads after a new shift pattern introduced in April 2020 allowed Operations Patrol Unit officers to conduct a significant increase in operations specifically designed to address road safety concerns and priorities."

During the operation, four drivers received Traffic Offence Reports for using a mobile phone whilst driving (a potential 6 points on their licence and a £200 fine) and two drivers received TORs for not wearing a seatbelt (potential £100 fine).

Two vehicles were caught speeding - one in excess of 90mph on the motorway and received TORs.

The driver of an HGV failed to use a tachograph and as well as receiving a TOR was reported to the Traffic Commissioner.

Four vehicles were found to be overweight and of great concern to officers, seven vehicle tyres had faults including three tyres so badly worn that the cords were exposed.

OPU Sergeant Leanne Mason said "August is National Road Victim Month and our officers and staff would also like to take this opportunity to ask the public to please take a moment to remember those loved ones who have been killed on the roads.

"In Warwickshire between April 2018 and March 2019 36 people lost their lives and 322 people suffered serious, often life changing injuries as the result of a collision. Any number is too many. Our officers are passionate about helping to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured in the county and we are pleased a new shift pattern will allow our officers to spend more time proactively policing the county's roads."
