```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: In recent weeks, there has been an increase in small sports/high performance Hatchback-type vehicles and Transit style vans being stolen from properties in Warwickshire. If you witness anyone acting suspiciously call 101 or 999 in an emergency.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice issued following rise in keyless vehicle thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/advice-issued-following-rise-in-keyless-vehicle-thefts/
publish:
  date: 13:35 05/06/2020
title: Advice issued following rise in keyless vehicle thefts | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/advice-issued-following-rise-in-keyless-vehicle-thefts/
```

We are reminding vehicle owners to be vigilant following a number of keyless thefts across the county.

In recent weeks, there has been an increase in small sports/high performance Hatchback-type vehicles and Transit style vans being stolen from properties in Warwickshire.

As a force, we strive to do all we can to protect those in the community from harm but people can take steps to help keep their vehicles safe.

We would recommend purchasing a steering lock as this can make it much more difficult for keyless vehicles to be taken.

Detective Constable Chris Bell said: "We have seen an increase in the number of keyless car thefts recently and in some cases it has been small sporty Hatchback-type vehicles and work-type Transit vans that are taken.

"While we are doing everything we can to reduce this number, we would encourage people to take any further steps they can to keep their vehicles secure and safe from thieves. One of the best ways you can protect your vehicle is to fit a full-face steering lock. While these can be bypassed, it takes time and the presence of one may hopefully be enough to deter them from attempting to steal your vehicle.

"Perpetrators of this type of acquisitive crime often target specific vehicles, based on demand and value. The most common method is to drive around residential areas looking for opportunities with certain types of vehicle.

"If you think you are being followed or see any suspicious vehicles at any time, take down the registration number and report it to police by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency. Where someone has unfortunately been a victim of, we will thoroughly investigate the circumstances around that incident."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
