```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Officers are issuing advice and appealing for information following a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries in South Warwickshire.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Advice issued and appeal for witnesses following burglaries \u2013 South Warwickshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/advice-issued-and-appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglaries--south-warwickshire/
publish:
  date: 14:14 11/12/2020
title: "Advice issued and appeal for witnesses following burglaries \u2013 South Warwickshire | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/advice-issued-and-appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglaries--south-warwickshire/
```

Officers are issuing advice and appealing for information following a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries in South Warwickshire.

Shortly before 4.30pm on 9 December, there was an attempted burglary at a property on Snitterfield Road in Bearley. Incident number 228 of 9 December.

Sometime between 8.30am and 7pm on 9 December, a property on Lower Tysoe in Warwick was broken into and jewellery was stolen. Incident number 304 of 9 December.

Between 7.15pm and 7.45pm on 9 December, a property on Lakin Drive, Bishops Itchington was broken into where jewellery and cash were stolen. Incident number 319 of 9 December.

Sometime between 7.30am and 7.50pm on 9 December, a property on Church Close, Bishops Itchington was broken into and jewellery and cash were stolen. Incident number 320 of 9 December.

Between 3.20pm and 6pm on 9 December, a property on Lakin Drive, Bishops Itchington was broken into and an item of jewellery was stolen. Incident number 349 of 9 December.

At around 11.45pm on 9 December there was an attempted burglary at a property on Bates Lane, Tamworth-in-Arden. Incident number 386 of 9 December.

Sometime between 4pm on 6 December and 12.15pm on 10 December, a property on Main Street, Lower Tysoe in Warwick was broken into. Incident number 153 of 10 December.

At some point between 11.30am on Tuesday, 8 December and 6.30pm on Thursday, 10 December, a property on London Road, Shipston-on-Stour was broken into and jewellery was stolen. Incident number 315 of 10 December.

Detective Sergeant Sarah Wolsey from Warwickshire Police said: "Unfortunately we have seen a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries in South Warwickshire this week and enquiries are currently ongoing to locate those responsible.

"As part of this, officers will be conducting additional patrols in the south of the county and are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed any of the above incidents, seen any suspicious activity or vehicles in the areas mentioned, or has CCTV or dash-cam footage to please come forward.

"We would ask residents to remain vigilant and to ensure windows and doors are kept locked, any valuables are kept out of sight while high value items are stored securely, and where possible, to set an alarm and leave lights on when you go out.

"I would also urge the public to keep a look out for any strange or suspicious activity they may see in their local areas and to report anything of concern."

Anyone who witnessed any of the above incidents or has information that could help with our enquiries is asked to report this to us either via our website or by calling 101 quoting one of the above incident numbers.

Further crime prevention advice can be found here: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/residential-burglary/

**Issued:** LK, Corporate Communications
