```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: At around 5pm on Monday (31 August), a man in his 20s was involved in an altercation in an alleyway off Queens Road in Nuneaton. He suffered a stab injury to his back and was taken to hospital where he remains in a stable condition at this time.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UPDATE - Two people arrested in connection with incident in Nuneaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/witnesses-sought-to-incident-in-nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 09:40 01/09/2020
title: UPDATE - Two people arrested in connection with incident in Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/witnesses-sought-to-incident-in-nuneaton/
```

Updated News Post

Please see updates below in bold.

**Two people have been arrested following an incident in Nuneaton town centre.**

At around 5pm on Monday (31 August), a man in his 20s was involved in an altercation in an alleyway off Queens Road.

The victim suffered a stab injury to his back, which is not believed to be life-threatening. He was taken to hospital where he remains in a stable condition at this time.

**On Wednesday (2 September) a 38-year-old man from South Croydon was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and aggravated burglary while a 26-year-old woman from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary.**

**They both remain in police custody at this time.**

Detective Inspector Ollie Deakin said: "Investigations are in the early stages but as part of our ongoing enquiries, the town centre was cordoned off yesterday evening.

"At this time it is believed the victim and suspects were known to each other.

"We'd appeal for anyone who was in the area at the time to come forward or anyone with information that they think could help to get in touch.

"Any information, no matter how small, could assist our investigation."

Enquiries are currently ongoing but we're keen for anyone who saw the incident, or who was in the area at the time to contact us.

Anyone with information should call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting incident number 250 of 31 August.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications

Updated: 9am, Wednesday 2 September, Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
