```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Rugby proactive CID arrested 105 people \u2013 73 for class A drug offences \u2013 and seized around &#163;240,000 worth of drugs in the Rugby area last year."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 100 people arrested and almost a quarter of a million pounds worth of drugs seized by Rugby proactive policing team
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/more-than-100-people-arrested-and-almost-a-quarter-of-a-million-pounds-worth-of-drugs-seized-by-rugby-proactive-policing-team/
publish:
  date: 11:43 06/01/2021
title: More than 100 people arrested and almost a quarter of a million pounds worth of drugs seized by Rugby proactive policing team | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/more-than-100-people-arrested-and-almost-a-quarter-of-a-million-pounds-worth-of-drugs-seized-by-rugby-proactive-policing-team/
```

Rugby proactive CID arrested 105 people - 73 for class A drug offences - and seized around £240,000 worth of drugs in the Rugby area last year.

The plain clothed officers from the team use proactive tactics to tackle key crimes that have a big impact on the community, such as burglaries and drug dealing.

They also seized almost £90,000 in cash and 15 knives.

To date, of the 105 people arrested, combined custodial sentences of almost 70 years have been handed out by the courts. This will most likely rise as more offenders are sentenced.

This included two men being sentenced to 12 years and nine years after being convicted of a series of car key burglary offences.

Detective Inspector Todd Lomax said: "Despite the challenges posed by Covid, officers from Proactive CID maintained a significant presence on the streets of Rugby last year and this has led to the removal of a significant quantity of drugs and prolific offenders from the streets.

"The team targets hotspot areas and known offenders in order to make the streets of Rugby as hostile as possible for anyone intent on supplying drugs or committing offences such as burglary and vehicle crime.

"The work of the team has led to the elimination of a number of so called County lines from areas including London, Northamptonshire, Coventry, Nottingham, Birmingham and Leicester protecting the community for the harm that this activity causes. This is sending a clear message to anyone looking to deal drugs in Rugby that they risk substantial financial loss and time in prison.

"There are always those looking to become involved in drugs trafficking and as such we will continue to work tirelessly to make sure criminals in Rugby are always looking over their shoulders.

"Information provided by the public is key to ensuring we bring offenders to justice and I urge people to continue to let us know about any concerns they have about drug dealing in your area. We act on all information provided."

If you have any information or concerns about drug dealing you can report it here https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/ro/report/ocr/af/how-to-report-a-crime/ or call 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
