```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a wounding near Riversley Park in Nuneaton on Saturday (2 January 2021).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following wounding \u2013 Nuneaton"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-wounding--nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 12:26 04/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following wounding \u2013 Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-wounding--nuneaton/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a wounding near Riversley Park in Nuneaton on Saturday (2 January 2021).

The incident happened at around 6pm when three males, in their late teens, were walking through the tunnel from the Pingles running track in the direction of Riverlsey Park.

They were approached by six or seven males who threatened them. An altercation took place resulting in one of the victims, a 17-year-old boy, sustaining a stab wound to his chest.

He was taken to hospital for treatment but has since been released and his injuries are not believed to be life threatening or life changing at this time. The other victims weren't injured but left shaken following the incident.

The suspects stole a mobile phone, coat and black bag from one of the victims. The mobile phone and coat have since been recovered.

Three 17-year-old and two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of robbery. They have been released on police bail while enquiries continue.

The outstanding suspect(s) are described as male, in their mid to late teens and wearing dark clothing.

Investigating officer, Detective Sergeant Gavin Wallwork from the North Warwickshire Criminal Investigations Department said: "This was a nasty incident which left a young man injured and requiring hospital treatment. Thankfully his injuries were not more serious but knife crime can have devastating consequences which is why we will not tolerate crimes of this nature in Warwickshire.

"While investigations are ongoing, we are working hard to identify the outstanding suspect(s) and would appeal to anyone who may have been in the park or in the area at around the time of the incident to please get in touch - any information you may have, no matter how small or insignificant it may seem, could help with our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to report this either via the Warwickshire Police website or by calling 101 quoting incident number 271 of 2 January.

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
