```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police have this week launched a month long public opinion survey to gain feedback from the communities they serve, in relation to the policing response to the coronavirus pandemic.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police launch public opinion survey on policing response to Covid-19 pandemic
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/warwickshire-police-launch-public-opinion-survey-on-policing-response-to-covid-19-pandemic/
publish:
  date: 09:16 19/01/2021
title: Warwickshire Police launch public opinion survey on policing response to Covid-19 pandemic | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/warwickshire-police-launch-public-opinion-survey-on-policing-response-to-covid-19-pandemic/
```

Warwickshire Police have this week launched a month long public opinion survey to gain feedback from the communities they serve, in relation to the policing response to the coronavirus pandemic.

The survey, which is anonymous and can be completed online or via the telephone*, offers participants the opportunity to express their views on Warwickshire's policing approach to the pandemic, including how satisfied they are with the policing response, how well this has been communicated and whether they support the approach taken.

Head of Local Policing at Warwickshire Police, Chief Superintendent Ben Smith said: "The last year has been a particularly challenging time for policing, and Warwickshire Police is no exception. Our officers continue to try to tackle crime, while also adapting to the evolving situation that the Covid-19 pandemic has presented; interpreting and enforcing quickly changing legislation to help minimise the spread of the virus, and in turn, protect lives.

"We have therefore tried to ensure we deliver a considered, balanced and proportionate approach to the unprecedented scenarios we have found ourselves faced with. We recognise that while we don't always get it right, I am proud to say that as a force, we do appear to have so far successfully struck the balance between discretion, education and enforcement.

"That being said, we are really keen to receive feedback from our communities which is why we have launched this survey as we recognise the importance of understanding the views of the diverse communities we serve, while providing a platform for people to make their voices heard during these challenging times, and beyond.

"I would encourage people to take the time to complete this survey, whether that be online or via the telephone if you are called, as the feedback you provide could make a real difference in terms of helping us to understand what we have done as a force that has worked, and what areas could be improved.

"This is a real opportunity for the public to have their say, and the honest feedback you provide will significantly help to inform our ongoing policing approach to the pandemic."

The survey **,** which is open not just to Warwickshire residents but also those who work in or have travelled to the county and are over the age of 16, takes roughly five to ten minutes to complete and all answers provided are anonymous.

The survey is open until Friday, 19 February and a report of the findings will be published on the force website in due course.

To complete the survey, please click here.

*The telephone survey, which asks the same questions as the online survey, can only be completed if you are contacted directly by external survey provider SMSR Ltd who have been commissioned by Warwickshire Police to conduct the telephone survey.

**Issued: LK, Corporate Communications**
