```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "A survey carried out over the last four weeks has shown that a large majority of people in the county have welcomed Warwickshire Police\u2019s approach to policing the lockdown restrictions."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Survey shows residents happy with Warwickshire Police approach to policing during the COVID-19 pandemic
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/survey-shows-residents-happy-with-warwickshire-police-approach-to-policing-during-the-covid-19-pandemic/
publish:
  date: 11:29 22/05/2020
title: Survey shows residents happy with Warwickshire Police approach to policing during the COVID-19 pandemic | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/survey-shows-residents-happy-with-warwickshire-police-approach-to-policing-during-the-covid-19-pandemic/
```

A survey carried out over the last four weeks has shown that a large majority of people in the county have welcomed Warwickshire Police's approach to policing the lockdown restrictions.

The force commissioned a phone survey across the county to help it understand the public's views on how it has been carrying out its work during the pandemic. Each week for the past four weeks, 100 people in Warwickshire were contacted and asked for their views.

A total of 83 per cent of recipients said they believed officers were doing a 'good job' during the crisis, and 70 per cent said they fully supported the force's approach. The way the force communicates with people via social media channels was also praised by 68% of respondents.

People contacted for the survey said they have been pleased to see extra patrols in their neighbourhoods, praised officers for helping some of society's most vulnerable and said they believed the force was taking a 'fair' approach in keeping people safe during lock down.

Warwickshire Police Chief Constable Martin Jelley said: "Community feedback is always important and we are pleased to hear that the majority of people in Warwickshire are happy with the way we are engaging with them during this difficult time.

"A separate survey was done nationally, and although the questions were not exactly the same, the findings are striking in that at the beginning of April only 42 per cent of people said they fully supported the approach taken by the police.

"Our approach throughout has been in keeping with the national guidance for forces, and focused on the 4Es - Engaging; Explaining; Encouraging and Enforcing. Our officers have been out and about in our communities, engaging with people, explaining the guidance and encouraging them to comply. Where this approach has not worked and people have not complied, we have moved into enforcement.

"The vast majority of people in Warwickshire have been adhering to the restrictions and I would like to once again thank the people of the county for assisting us in keeping people safe and slowing the spread of the virus.

"The results of our survey suggest we are getting the balance right, and we will continue to work closely with our communities and partners to continue this. As we move into a time where people are able to spend more time outdoors and we enjoy good weather, I would ask the public to carry on following the government guidelines as we tackle this crisis together."

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
