```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Four men have been arrested after an 18-year-old man suffered a stab wound to his chest during an incident in Rugby yesterday (Friday 31 July) evening.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men arrested in connection with Rugby stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/four-men-arrested-in-connection-with-rugby-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 11:47 01/08/2020
title: Four men arrested in connection with Rugby stabbing | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/four-men-arrested-in-connection-with-rugby-stabbing/
```

Four men have been arrested after an 18-year-old man suffered a stab wound to his chest during an incident in Rugby yesterday (Friday 31 July) evening.

Three males from Rugby, aged 15, 18 and 20, have all been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

An 18-year-old man from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.

Officers initially responded to a report of violent disorder outside the shops in Church Street at around 4.40pm. A short time later, the injured man was discovered near to the junction with Railway Terrace.

Three men involved in the disorder are reported to have left the scene in a blue Vauxhall Corsa.

A black Vauxhall Astra was also seen to leave the scene at the time of the incident

The victim was taken to hospital where he is now in a stable condition and is expected to make a full recovery.

Detective Inspector Todd Lomax from Warwickshire Police said: "This was a terrifying incident in broad daylight that has left a man with a serious injury and must have been very frightening for anyone in the vicinity at the time who witnessed it.

"A team of detectives are now investigating the incident and to establish what led to the disorder. There would have been a lot of people in the area at the time and we're keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident, or saw the vehicles or those involved in the moments before.

"I'd also be keen to hear from anyone who was driving in the area at the time who may have any dashcam footage which may have captured the incident."

Anyone with information that could help police with their investigation should call 101 quoting incident 315 31/7/2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
