```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire\u2019s head of local policing, Chief Superintendent Ben Smith, has issued an update on the investigation into the death of a couple in Nuneaton."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update on investigation into death of couple in Nuneaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/update-on-investigation-into-death-of-couple-in-nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 14:38 17/11/2020
title: Update on investigation into death of couple in Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/update-on-investigation-into-death-of-couple-in-nuneaton/
```

Warwickshire's head of local policing, Chief Superintendent Ben Smith, has issued an update on the investigation into the death of a couple in Nuneaton.

The investigation was launched on Sunday (15 November) afternoon after the bodies of the man and woman - both in their 80s - were found in a house in Bucks Hill.

Chief Supt Smith said: "We continue to treat the deaths as unexplained and enquiries continue to establish the cause.

"We're continuing to ask anyone with information that could help with our enquiries to get in touch.

"We have challenged some national media reporting around the incident which we felt was misleading and has caused distress to the family of the deceased.

"At this time, our position remains the same as yesterday; there are no obvious signs of suspicious activity in connection with the incident but we are keeping an open mind and we're not in a position to rule anything out at this time.

"We are still awaiting a post mortem and we hope this will give us a clearer picture.

"We have not publicly speculated on the circumstance leading up to the couple's death and we ask local people to respect the family by not speculating while the investigation is ongoing. Please respect the family's privacy while they come to terms with their loss."

In a statement, the couple's family asked for their privacy to be respected: "Thank you to all who have helped so far, the family would like to be left alone at this time to grieve the sad loss of their parents and grandparents."

Anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries should call 101 quoting incident 235 of 15 November 2020.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
