```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a serious assault in Bedworth.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "UPDATED: Appeal for witnesses to serious assault \u2013 Bedworth"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/april/appeal-for-witnesses-to-serious-assault--bedworth/
publish:
  date: 12:08 02/04/2021
title: "UPDATED: Appeal for witnesses to serious assault \u2013 Bedworth | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/april/appeal-for-witnesses-to-serious-assault--bedworth/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a serious assault in Bedworth.

Police were called yesterday evening (Thursday, 1 April) to a report that three males were fighting on Park Road.

The incident is believed to have happened at around 10.15pm and it is reported that one of the males was assaulted with a glass bottle.

Officers attended and discovered a male with serious injuries to his leg and head. The victim, a man in his 20s, was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

Detective Sergeant Paul Sartoris from Nuneaton CID said: "We realise this incident will cause concern to the local community as this was a particularly nasty incident which has left a man with serious injuries as a result.

"While no arrests have been made, investigations are ongoing to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident and the public can expect to see a heightened police presence in the area as we carry out our enquiries.

"I would urge anyone who may have been in the area at around the time of the incident who may have witnessed something or has information that could help with our enquiries to please get in touch. I would also appeal to anyone who may have dash-cam footage to also please come forward."

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to report this to us either via our website or by calling 101 quoting incident number 455 of 1 April.

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications

**Updated 9.10am, 3 April:**

Two people have now been arrested in connection with this incident.

A 20-year-old man from Coventry and a 33-year-old man from Bedworth have been arrested on suspicion of GBH with intent. They are currently in police custody.
