```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Investigations have been launched after a number of officers were allegedly assaulted over the weekend.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested following alleged officer assaults over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/four-arrested-following-alleged-officer-assaults-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 16:55 01/03/2021
title: Four arrested following alleged officer assaults over the weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/four-arrested-following-alleged-officer-assaults-over-the-weekend/
```

Investigations have been launched after a number of officers were allegedly assaulted over the weekend.

An officer was allegedly punched to the head by a 25-year-old man from Nuneaton at the Caludon Centre in Coventry yesterday (Sunday 20 February). After a mental health assessment established he had capacity he was arrested.

The same man is alleged to have attempted to head butt a police officer while in custody at Leamington Justice Centre.

He was charged with two counts of assaulting a police officer and is due to appear at Coventry Magistrates' Court today.

In the early hours of yesterday morning, a police officer was allegedly bitten and spat at in the custody bock at Nuneaton Justice Centre after the suspect had earlier been arrested on suspicion of committing a public order offence. A 21-year-old woman from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer. She has been bailed until the end of the month while enquiries continue.

A 33-year-old man from Warwick was arrested on suspicion of assaulting police officers and possession of a firearm after it is alleged he pointed an air rifle at officers who attended his house to carry out a safe and well check in Emscote Road, Warwick yesterday afternoon. He was bailed until the end of the month for these offences and then detained under the mental health act.

Yesterday evening, an officer was allegedly kicked in the head after he tried to detain a woman suspected of driving a stolen car on the A46 near Warwick. A 34-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, driving under the influence of drugs and theft of a motor vehicle.

posted by SC, Corporate Communications
