```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Twenty one Warwickshire Police Student Officers have taken part in a high visibility roads policing operation in Newbold Road, Rugby on Wednesday 22 January 2020 aimed at increasing public confidence and preventing and reducing crime as well as improving safety on the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police Student Officers support road policing operation, Rugby
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/warwickshire-police-student-officers-support-road-policing-operation-rugby/
publish:
  date: 12:54 28/01/2020
title: Warwickshire Police Student Officers support road policing operation, Rugby | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/warwickshire-police-student-officers-support-road-policing-operation-rugby/
```

Twenty one Warwickshire Police Student Officers have taken part in a high visibility roads policing operation in Newbold Rd, Rugby on Wednesday 22 January 2020 aimed at increasing public confidence and preventing and reducing crime as well as improving safety on the county's roads.

The operation used Automatic Number Plate Recognition equipment to support the student officers and experienced police officers were used to intercept members of the public and bring them in to a safe area for the student officers to speak to them and deal with any potential offences.

During the operation 58 vehicles were brought in to the check site. As a result of checks and examinations 5 vehicles were seized for tax and insurance offences, a further 40 defects were found with the vehicles or the driver which were dealt with by way of either the Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme or the driver was reported for the offences.

The operation provided the student officers with an opportunity to increase their skills and experience in dealing with road related incidents, whilst being accompanied by trainers and experienced officers to ensure a proper process and give a safe learning environment.

PC 120 Pete Hayes, who coordinated the operation said "This is an excellent opportunity for the student officers to put the theory into practice. This is the second time we have been in Rugby in the last few months and further operations are planned in our other towns around the county to train the record numbers of student officers we are currently recruiting.

"These operations are always primarily about taking uninsured, untaxed or otherwise dangerous vehicles off the road whilst also making many other drivers aware of minor faults on their vehicles. The student officers gain a great deal from being able to put their theory into practice whilst giving some high visibility policing to the town at the same time."

## Student Officers support road policing operation, Rugby
