```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police Officer Rich Jenkins has received a Chief\u2019s Special Award (Recognising Partnership Working) from Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service at their Annual Awards Evening in March 2020 for his service to delivering \u2018Biker Down\u2019 in Warwickshire since it started in 2015."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police Officer awarded for contribution to Biker Down
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-officer-awarded-for-contribution-to-biker-down/
publish:
  date: 12:18 09/04/2020
title: Warwickshire Police Officer awarded for contribution to Biker Down | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-officer-awarded-for-contribution-to-biker-down/
```

Warwickshire Police Officer Rich Jenkins has received a Chief's Special Award (Recognising Partnership Working) from Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service at their Annual Awards Evening in March 2020 for his service to delivering 'Biker Down' in Warwickshire since it started in 2015.

The Award recognises the dedication and commitment PC Jenkins has made to delivering the national motorbike initiative Biker Down in partnership with other agencies in Warwickshire. Since 2015, over 780 bikers have attended the Biker Down course.

As a police officer and a biker himself, PC Jenkins is committed to reducing death and serious injuries amongst bikers and improving the safety of all powered two wheelers on Warwickshire's roads.

The importance of courses like Biker Down cannot be overestimated. In 2019, 13 motorbike riders lost their lives in fatal collisions in Warwickshire, and a further 73 bikers suffered serious or life changing injuries. Most of these but not all involved more powerful motorbikes over 500cc.

PC Jenkins said "I'm delighted to receive this award. Biker Down gives people the skills and knowledge so they know what to do in the first few moments after an incident involving a motorcycle. This can make a real difference to the lives of those involved. It could mean a life is saved."

Biker Down is a free three hour course open to anyone and answers critical questions for those first on the scene of a collision such as how to assess who is most at risk following a collision and whether you should remove the helmet of a downed rider. The course also covers basic first aid and the science of being seen - how you can ride better to protect yourself, what you wear and how you position the bike to improve your safety on the road.

After the course, the Biker Down trainers also signpost bikers to other courses such as Warwickshire Police's BikeSafe workshop that offers riders the opportunity to experience a professional police observed ride with police graded riders to help them become a safer more skilled rider.

WFRS Prevention Group Manager Tim Sargent said "In 2019 Biker Down welcomed two new partners, the Warwickshire Police BikeSafe team and the Coventry & Warwickshire ROSPA Biking Group, who both offer additional expert riding tuition after Biker Down and work with our Fire Prevention staff Saeed Sheikh and Darren Randle Morris to ensure Biker Down continues to grow."

Biker Down is usually offered once a month throughout the year, however due to COVID-19 the Biker Down and Bikesafe courses are currently suspended.

As we are coming into spring people will start thinking of getting their bikes out and there are lots of online training videos available or books to help get you ready such as the Motorcycle Roadcraft or Official DVSA riding guide or have a look at https://www.think.gov.uk/campaign/motorcycling/

PC Jenkins received the award alongside Paul Rowlands of West Midlands Ambulance Service and Anna Higgins and Victoria Bristow from the Safer Roads Partnership who were instrumental in Biker Down being established in Warwickshire.

Biker Down is delivered in partnership with a number of organisations including Warwickshire Police, Warwickshire Fire & Rescue Service, West Midlands Ambulance Service and the Road Safety Partnership.

## PC Rich Jenkins and participants who recently took part in a Biker Down workshop at Henley in Arden
