```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: We are encouraging people to check in with their family, friends, and neighbours and speak out if they suspect they may be a victim of domestic abuse.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "CoVID-19 and domestic abuse \u2013 look out for your family, friends, neighbours and vulnerable people"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/covid-19-and-domestic-abuse--look-out-for-your-family-friends-neighbours-and-vulnerable-people/
publish:
  date: 08:00 24/04/2020
title: "CoVID-19 and domestic abuse \u2013 look out for your family, friends, neighbours and vulnerable people | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/covid-19-and-domestic-abuse--look-out-for-your-family-friends-neighbours-and-vulnerable-people/
```

We are encouraging people to check in with their family, friends, and neighbours and speak out if they suspect they may be a victim of domestic abuse.

pandemic, many people across the county are staying home to protect the NHS and save lives.

We recognise the government order may prove to be additionally challenging for those in violent and abusive relationships while people who have not previously been victims could also find themselves subject to domestic abuse.

The ongoing restrictions necessary to combat CoVID-19 mean some people may feel trapped in their homes with an abuser and isolated from support as well as from their friends and family.

Social distancing rules **do not** prevent someone who is experiencing or at risk of being abused from leaving their home and seeking help, particularly if they are in danger.

Refuges remain open and police will provide support to all individuals being abused.

The force is committed to tackling domestic abuse and our officers are continuing to be proactive every day by arresting perpetrators and supporting victims.

But now more than ever, it is important for people to look out for one another.

Detective Inspector Tony Hibbert, head of the force's Domestic Abuse Unit, said: "Our message is simple: we are still here and we will do everything we can to support victims of domestic abuse.

"Being in an abusive household during this lockdown must be terrifying with victims feeling isolated, alone and as if no-one can help them.

"This is where family and friends can make a difference by stepping forward if they suspect someone who is suffering in silence.

"As the social distancing measures continue, we're asking you to check in with friends, colleagues, neighbours, loved ones and other people you think might be vulnerable during this challenging time.

"Often in cases of domestic abuse, people are aware there is abuse going on but they don't know what to do to help. Give them a call, send them a text or get in touch some other way just to check they are okay.

"If you know or suspect that a friend, neighbour, colleague or relative may be a victim of domestic abuse, we urge you to speak up, get in touch with police or encourage them to contact us or other support agencies.

"Domestic abuse remains a force priority. It is never acceptable and self-isolation does not keep you safe if you live with abuse. Look out for one another so victims don't have to suffer alone."

If you or someone you know is affected by emotional, financial physical or sexual abuse, **Refuge - Warwickshire's Domestic Violence Service - can also offer advice to help keep people safe.**

The county-wide service provides support to women, men and children experiencing domestic violence in Warwickshire.

**They can be reached by calling 0800 408 1552 or emailingDVSW@refuge.org.uk but always call 999 in an emergency.**

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
