```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: With indoor exercise facilities such as pools and gyms shut as England starts a second lockdown, Warwickshire Police is asking the public once again to take extra care around vulnerable road users including walkers, runners, cyclists and horse riders.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police ask public to look out for vulnerable road users during second lockdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/police-ask-public-to-look-out-for-vulnerable-road-users-during-second-lockdown/
publish:
  date: 15:29 09/11/2020
title: Police ask public to look out for vulnerable road users during second lockdown | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/police-ask-public-to-look-out-for-vulnerable-road-users-during-second-lockdown/
```

With indoor exercise facilities such as pools and gyms shut as England starts a second lockdown, Warwickshire Police is asking the public once again to take extra care around vulnerable road users including walkers, runners, cyclists and horse riders.

Sergeant Shaun Bridle said "Everyone has the right to travel on the road safely, whether by car, motorcycle, pedal cycle, horse or on foot. However the challenges for walkers, runners, cyclists and horse riders are greater this autumn than they were during the first lockdown in March with less daylight now and poorer weather.

"If you are working from home, please consider exercising before work in daylight using the time you would usually spend commuting or speak to your employers about starting work later or taking a longer lunch break so that you can exercise in daylight.

"Whatever the time of day please consider wearing a hi vis waistcoat or carrying a bright light to increase your visibility to others, and if you are exercising alone, tell someone where you are going. Your safety is paramount, please don't always assume a driver has seen you.

The new COVID restrictions allow you to meet a friend so why not walk or run together as long as you can socially distance and neither of you is self-isolating.

The advice comes at the start of a national NPCC campaign between 9 and 22 November 2020 to highlight the needs of Vulnerable Road Users.
