```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: During the first day of a national operation to target those suspected of driving under the influence of drink or drugs over the festive period the public alerted the police to a car being driven by a man who was believed to be under the influence of alcohol. Officers on patrol spotted the car and stopped it in Clarendon Avenue, Leamington Spa at 11.15am on 1 December.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police make arrests during first day of anti drink and drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/police-make-arrests-during-first-day-of-anti-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 16:40 02/12/2020
title: Police make arrests during first day of anti drink and drug driving campaign | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/police-make-arrests-during-first-day-of-anti-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

During the first day of a national operation to target those suspected of driving under the influence of drink or drugs over the festive period the public alerted the police to a car being driven by a man who was believed to be under the influence of alcohol. Officers on patrol spotted the car and stopped it in Clarendon Avenue, Leamington Spa at 11.15am on 1 December.

Following a breath test, a 58-year-old man from Brinklow was arrested on suspicion of drink driving. He was later charged with drink driving, driving without insurance and driving without a licence and is due to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates Court in Leamington Spa on 8 January 2021.

Police also arrested a 21 year old man from Rugby on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs after his car was stopped by officers on Leicester Road, Rugby just after 2am on 2 December. Following a search he was also arrested for possession of an offensive weapon and possession of cannabis. He will also be dealt with for tyre offences as the nearside front tyre was below the legal limit. He has been released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Warwickshire Police will be publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if an offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
