```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "The roads in Warwickshire continue to be busy in the run up to Christmas and all officers including OPU, Patrol and SNT are continuing to patrol the county\u2019s roads to look for drivers who may be under the influence of drink or drugs."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More arrests for drink or drug driving over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-arrests-for-drink-or-drug-driving-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 16:48 21/12/2020
title: More arrests for drink or drug driving over the weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-arrests-for-drink-or-drug-driving-over-the-weekend/
```

The roads in Warwickshire continue to be busy in the run up to Christmas and all officers including OPU, Patrol and SNT are continuing to patrol the county's roads to look for drivers who may be under the influence of drink or drugs.

Over the weekend a further eight arrests were made.

A 46 year old man from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of drink driving at 19.28hours on 19 December following a road traffic collision in Crowhill Road, Nuneaton. He was later charged is due to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates Court at 11.00 hours on 19 January 2021.

An 18 year old man from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of drug driving at 23.53hours on 19 December when his car was stopped by officers in Weddington Road, Nuneaton. He has been released under investigation. He also received a police caution for possession with intent to supply a drug other than Class A believed to be cannabis.

Both drivers spent the night in police custody.

A 31 year old woman from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of drink driving at 02.30hours on 20 December when the car she was driving was stopped by officers on Coventry Road, Bedworth. She was later charged and is due before Warwickshire Magistrates Court at 11.00 hours on 19 January 2021.

Officers tested the driver of a car they stopped at 21.22hours on 18 December on Coventry Road Bedworth. The 32 year old man from Coventry was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and was released under investigation.

A 22 year old woman from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of drug driving at 23.25hours on 18 December in Attleborough Road, Nuneaton when her vehicle was stopped by officers. She has been released under investigation.

A 31 year old man from Coventry was arrested at 23.38hours on 18 December on Stoneleigh Road, Leamington Spa on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs. He has been released under investigation after spending the night in police custody.

A 27 year old man from Coventry was arrested on suspicion of drink driving at 02.15hours on 20 December in Newnham Lane, Rugby after officers asked the driver to stop. He was later charged with drink driving, failing to stop, dangerous driving, driving whilst disqualified, and driving without insurance and after appearing at Coventry Magistrates Court at 10.00hours today 21 December was remanded in custody to appear at Warwick Crown Court on 21 January 2021.

A 39 year old man from Wolverhampton was arrested at 05.08hours on 20 December on suspicion of drink driving after officers saw his vehicle pull into a garage on the B4100 near Gaydon. He was later charged with drink driving and is due to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates at 15.00 hours on 29 January 2021.

Warwickshire Police will be publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as part of their push to change people's behaviour and reduce the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
