```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Two officers from Warwickshire Police have been nominated for the National Police Bravery Awards.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire officers recognised for courage with nomination for national award
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/warwickshire-officers-recognised-for-courage-with-nomination-for-national-award/
publish:
  date: 13:51 24/09/2020
title: Warwickshire officers recognised for courage with nomination for national award | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/warwickshire-officers-recognised-for-courage-with-nomination-for-national-award/
```

Two officers from Warwickshire Police have been nominated for the National Police Bravery Awards.

The Police Federation's National Police Bravery Award honours officers who have performed incredible acts of bravery.

PC James Fitzmaurice and PC Andrew Hoey were nominated after they tackled a samurai sword wielding man in Bedworth town centre last September.

The officers were flagged down by passers by after the man started lashing out at people and making threats to kill.

The officers managed to disarm and detain the man who was also found to be in possession of a switchblade, a small dagger, a ceremonial sword and hunting knife. The man was stopped just 50 meters from the busy town centre.

PC Hoey said: "Several calls were being received from members of the public reporting a male who was stating he was going to kill his brother. I could see he was holding a black coloured Samurai sword which was three foot in length and unsheathed. We had to do something, so we made the decision to get out of the car and confront him."

PC Fitzmaurice said: "We had to do something, so both decided to tackle the armed man. He had the Samurai above his head. I also saw a secondary knife and believed he had multiple other weapons."

Warwickshire Police Chief Constable Martin Jelley said: "While most people's instinct is to run from danger our officers are trained to confront it in order to protect our communities.

"PC Hoey and PC Fitzmaurice thought nothing of putting themselves in harms way in order to protect the public. They are a credit to themselves and the force; I am immensely proud of them and all the officers in Warwickshire who every day go out and patrol not knowing what they will encounter.

"Warwickshire Police has a proud history in this award with PC Andrew Dear winning the award in 2019. He was chosen following nominations from all 43 police forces."

Warwickshire Police Federation Chairman, Simon Payne, said: "The actions of the officers were nothing short of remarkable.

"James and Andrew ran towards danger, knowing full well what they were facing. Their bravery and professionalism in protecting the public was at the forefront of their actions.

"If this man had reached the busy town centre, with the weapons he was carrying that day, I really fear for what may have happened.

"The fact this incident was brought to a peaceful conclusion is huge credit to this pair. They are a credit to policing and incredibly deserving nominees for The National Police Bravery Awards."

PC Fitzmaurice and PC Hoey will attend a prestigious daytime reception and evening awards ceremony in London in July 2021. The 2020 event - the 25th National Police Bravery Awards - had been scheduled to take place this past summer but had to be cancelled due to Coronavirus.

John Apter, National Chair of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: "We are incredibly proud of all the nominees from across England and Wales. The actions of these courageous officers provide a small snapshot of the amazing work our colleagues carry out day in and day out.

"PC James Fitzmaurice and PC Andrew Hoey displayed brilliant police work and great instincts to get this situation under control. Like so many colleagues day in, day out, they ran towards the danger to protect the public. We are very proud of them.

"As a Police Federation, we wanted to make sure these brave officers received the recognition they deserve in the year their actions were meant to be celebrated. And we look forward to seeing them all in person - and revealing regional and national winners - when the time is right in 2021."

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
