```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "During National Bike Week 6-14 June, Warwickshire Police is supporting Cycling UK\u2019s #TooCloseForComfort campaign by asking drivers to #TakeExtraCare when overtaking cyclists and to leave plenty of space."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police promotes cycling safety during National Bike Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/warwickshire-police-promotes-cycling-safety-during-national-bike-week/
publish:
  date: 14:57 05/06/2020
title: Warwickshire Police promotes cycling safety during National Bike Week | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/warwickshire-police-promotes-cycling-safety-during-national-bike-week/
```

During National Bike Week 6-14 June, Warwickshire Police is supporting Cycling UK's #TooCloseForComfort campaign by asking drivers to #TakeExtraCare when overtaking cyclists and to leave plenty of space.

Sergeant Leanne Mason said "With an increasing number of cyclists using our roads it is more important than ever for all those involved to share the road responsibly and to work together to keep all road users safe.

"Cyclists do not have the same protection as a driver sitting in a vehicle and even relatively minor contact can seriously injure them. It is really important to leave plenty of space - at least 1.5m or a car's width when overtaking a cyclist as they may have to move out into the road to avoid hazards like drains, potholes or debris."

Cycling UK have produced a Too Close for Comfort video to show drivers what it's like to be close passed so non cyclists can understand it from a cyclist's perspective.

It's not all about drivers, cyclists too can take action to help keep themselves safe on the roads. It's important to check your bike regularly - especially the brakes, make sure you can be seen by wearing hi-vis and #TakeExtraCare on the road particularly at junctions where three quarters of cyclist collisions happen.

See tips and advice for both drivers and cyclists from RoSPA.

To allow the emergency services to focus their efforts on Covid-19 patients, Warwickshire Police and partners are asking all road users to #TakeExtraCare and do everything they can to avoid collisions and casualties. This is particularly important as the roads are getting busier and from 1 June now includes parents on the school run.

Members of the public can also help improve road safety in Warwickshire by reporting and submitting digital footage showing potential traffic offences as part of Operation Snap. This can range from driving dangerously or carelessly to overtaking on solid white lines, using a mobile phone while driving, ignoring traffic lights or dangerous driving around other road users, such as horse riders and cyclists.

Your submission will be sent to Warwickshire Police where the evidence will be reviewed by one of our road traffic police officers. See more information.

**Notes for editors**

Four cyclists were killed and 24 were seriously injured on Warwickshire's roads in 2019. The age groups most affected are 11-15 year olds and 46-55 year olds, although all age groups are affected up to the 86-90 age group.
