```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire\u2019s roads policing team is continuing to actively patrol the county\u2019s roads to observe driver behaviours and check vehicles are safe to help reduce the risk of serious and fatal collisions."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Roads policing officers continue to monitor Warwickshire\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/roads-policing-officers-continue-to-monitor-warwickshires-roads/
publish:
  date: 16:06 24/04/2020
title: "Roads policing officers continue to monitor Warwickshire\u2019s roads | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/roads-policing-officers-continue-to-monitor-warwickshires-roads/
```

Warwickshire's roads policing team is continuing to actively patrol the county's roads to observe driver behaviours and check vehicles are safe to help reduce the risk of serious and fatal collisions.

This includes looking out for uninsured drivers and anyone taking risks by speeding, using a mobile phone while driving, drink driving, or by not wearing a seatbelt.

This is particularly important during the current pandemic when we need to reduce the pressure on the NHS.

Inspector Jem Mountford said "We're pleased to find a significant decrease in traffic on Warwickshire's roads demonstrating that people are complying with the Governments directions. However, it has been disappointing to see the number of uninsured vehicles and drivers who believe the quieter roads are an excuse to drive too fast putting themselves and others in danger."

"Officers are conducting proactive patrols to identify these offences as we're determined to make the roads of Warwickshire as safe as possible."

This week @OPUWarks have been tweeting some of the offences they have come across. The following are from 23 April:

OPU stopped & seized a car outside the Golf Club in Leek Wootton.The driver had no Insurance and the MOT expired last year. The driver was also wanted on warrant for breach of a court order. The driver will be put before the court tomorrow and has been reported for the driving offences.

OPU seized a Laguna on the A46, Warwick, earlier. The driver had no insurance or licence. Driver reported.

Earlier the same day, officers came across a vehicle that had been uninsured since February. The driver was reported to court.

OPU officers also stopped a Vauxhall Zafira on the A45 near Finham on the edge of Coventry. The driver had no insurance and no driving licence. The driver was reported to court and the vehicle seized.

Also posted on 23 April, OPU was on patrol on the M69 when a vehicle decided to overtake them at excessive speed. The driver was uninsured and using trade plates which did not belong to them. The vehicle was seized and the driver reported.

Please slow down, take extra care and stay safe on our roads.

## This vehicle was seized on M69
