```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Karl Faulkner was chosen as the winner of the Professional Development category at the College of Policing Awards for his commitment to Problem Solving.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chief Inspector wins national award for problem solving
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/march/chief-inspector-wins-national-award-for-problem-solving/
publish:
  date: 11:19 12/03/2020
title: Chief Inspector wins national award for problem solving | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/march/chief-inspector-wins-national-award-for-problem-solving/
```

A Chief Inspector has been nationally recognised for his efforts to improve problem solving within the force.

Karl Faulkner was chosen as the winner of the Professional Development category at the College of Policing Awards and received his prize at a special ceremony in Durham on Wednesday (11 March).

Problem solving is a whole systems approach to dealing with complex issues.

The process is designed to reduce demand, increase effectiveness and efficiencies within a department, which in turn creates a better service to communities.

It is a core policing discipline that needs a culture change to achieve success.

Ch Insp Faulkner has played a key role in tackling the force's approach to problem solving - taking it from requiring improvement to being a national leading organisation in the field within two years.

During that time, he has worked with the College of Policing and the Home Office to develop his own and organisational knowledge around the subject using existing national and international best practice.

Ch Insp Faulkner was the first person in the country to develop a performance matrix around problem-solving.

As part of his work, Ch Insp Faulkner undertook a review of the organisation's approach to problem-solving and developed new structures, processes, tools, training regimes, electronic recording mechanisms and neighbourhood policing policies focused on reducing demand.

In addition to improving his force's response to the issue, he has established relationships with a number of forces up and down the country who have gone on to implement his approach within their own organisations.

He has also developed professional relationships with leading authorities in the field and is now recognised as a leading expert himself.

Speaking about the award, Chief Inspector Faulkner said: "I am really pleased to win this category and it is wholly unexpected.

"I have been fortunate with the support I have received from senior colleagues to enable the visionary changes we are making within Warwickshire.

"I am privileged to be in a position to assist other forces nationwide in their development of problem solving."

Chief Constable Martin Jelley QPM added: "This rightly prestigious national award from the College of Policing has gone to Warwickshire's Chief Inspector Karl Faulkner for the organisational shift he has lead into the force's use of problem solving to resolve often long-term community issues.

"All of Warwickshire's Safer Neighbourhood Teams have undergone extensive training and Karl's commitment means the force is now recognised nationally as leading around police problem solving in communities.

"Warwickshire has seen reductions in excess of 20 per cent this year in public reports of anti-social behaviour and I have no doubt Karl's leadership around the effective use of problem solving with partners has contributed significantly to these reductions and making our communities safer."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
