```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a male died following an incident in Leamington last night (Thursday 28 May).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation launched after male dies following incident in Leamington
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-dies-following-incident-in-leamington/
publish:
  date: 09:39 29/05/2020
title: Murder investigation launched after male dies following incident in Leamington | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-dies-following-incident-in-leamington/
```

Updated News Post

Police are appealing for information after a male died following an incident in Leamington last night (Thursday 28 May).

Police were called at 10.28pm to reports of a disturbance involving a number of people at the junction of Leam Terrace and Lower Leam Street. When officers arrived they found a male with a stab wound to his chest and they started CPR.

The male was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead at 12.04am today.

A 34-year-old woman and 27-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of murder.

Enquiries are continuing and officers are trying to locate the people involved in the disturbance. They are appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time incident to get in touch.

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith, Head of Local Policing, said: "This investigation is in its very early stages and our thoughts are with the family of the deceased.

"There will be a large police presence in the area throughout the day as we work to establish the circumstances around the male's death and I would ask anyone who was in the area around the time of the incident to make contact as they may have information that can help with our enquiries.

"We'd also like to hear from anyone who may have CCTV or dash footage of the incident or from the surrounding area."

Anyone with information can ring Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 557 of 28 May 2020 or alternatively information can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Update, 10.25, 30/05/2020:**

While police are still awaiting formal identification, they have confirmed they believe the victim is a 34-year-old man from Coventry. His next of kin has been informed.

A 34-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder remains in custody.

A 27-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder has been released with no further action to be taken.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
