```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Three people in Bedworth have been safeguarded after Warwickshire Police identified them as potential modern slavery victims.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Potential human trafficking and modern slavery victims safeguarded in Bedworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/potential-human-trafficking-and-modern-slavery-victims-safeguarded-in-bedworth/
publish:
  date: 12:43 02/02/2021
title: Potential human trafficking and modern slavery victims safeguarded in Bedworth | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/potential-human-trafficking-and-modern-slavery-victims-safeguarded-in-bedworth/
```

Three people in Bedworth have been safeguarded after Warwickshire Police identified them as potential modern slavery victims.

Officers from the Bedworth Safer Neighbourhood Team attended an address on Bulkington Road yesterday (Monday 1 February) morning following information received from members of the public.

The three Vietnamese nationals - two of whom were only 16 - were found at the property. Police suspect they had been trafficked into the UK for the purposes of criminal exploitation.

Detective Inspector Dave Andrews, modern slavery and human trafficking lead for Warwickshire Police, said: "Two males and a female have been taken away from the property and to a place of safety.

"It is extremely sad slavery still exists with vulnerable people being made to work in forced labour, criminality and domestic servitude.

"Modern slavery is happening in Warwickshire; it is often a hidden crime where the vulnerable victims feel isolated and are not sure where to turn for help.

"We are committed to working with partner agencies to tackle human trafficking and modern slavery in Warwickshire; the public can help by looking out for the signs and reporting any concerns."

#### Spotting the signs of modern slavery

Whilst each case of Modern Slavery can look different, there are signs which are common across multiple forms of exploitation, which may suggest an individual is at risk of, or is a victim of a form of Modern Slavery. These signs include if someone:

 * acts as if instructed by another, as though they are forced or coerced to carry out specific activities
 * demonstrates signs of physical or psychological abuse, such as lacking self esteem, seeming anxious, bruising or untreated medical conditions
 * seems to be bonded by debt; has money deducted from their salary; or has a lack of access to earnings
 * has little or no contact with family or loved ones
 * is distrustful of authorities
 * has threats made against themselves or family members
 * is not in possession of their own legal documents (Passport or documents are held by someone else)

The Stop The Traffik website has additional details of warning signs which may be more apparent with specific forms of slavery.

Warwickshire Police has launched a modern slavery and human trafficking investigation following the activity at the property. Anyone with information can call 101 quoting incident 158 of 1 February 2021. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
