```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police reported 93 drivers for summons by the courts, arrested three people and seized six vehicles during the first four days of a national speeding campaign. Another 24 drivers were given warnings for behaviour observed by officers in the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CSlow down\u201D is the message from police as nearly 100 face a fine and three arrested during first four days of speeding campaign"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/slow-down-is-the-message-from-police-as-nearly-100-face-a-fine-and-three-arrested-during-first-four-days-of-speeding-campaign/
publish:
  date: 09:43 30/05/2020
title: "\u201CSlow down\u201D is the message from police as nearly 100 face a fine and three arrested during first four days of speeding campaign | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/slow-down-is-the-message-from-police-as-nearly-100-face-a-fine-and-three-arrested-during-first-four-days-of-speeding-campaign/
```

Warwickshire Police reported 93 drivers to the courts, arrested three people and seized six vehicles during the first four days of a national speeding campaign. Another 24 drivers were given warnings for behaviour observed by officers on the county's roads.

One vehicle was stopped after doing more than 130mph on the M40 and another doing 126mph on the A46.

Two cars were seized from the county's motorways for having no insurance after they were both caught travelling in excess of 100mph.

Another car was stopped undertaking other vehicles at 104mph on the M40.

Three more speeding motorists had their vehicles seized for not having driving licences.

Another vehicle was caught doing 49mph in a 30mph zone.

On Wednesday (27 May), a 22-year-old man from Oldbury was arrested near the Stonebridge Island after a speeding vehicle failed to stop for police. Officers seized a large quantity of cash and mobile phones and the driver failed a drug test. He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs, failing to stop, money laundering, and drug driving. He was later released under investigation while enquiries continue.

On Thursday (28 May), a 23-year-old man from Coventry was arrested after it is alleged a speeding car failed to stop for police, and collided with a hedge in Back Lane, Rugby. The man was later charged with drink driving, driving without insurance and speeding. He will appear at Warwickshire Magistrates' Court on 10 July.

Officers from the across the force have been supporting the national campaign led by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC).

The campaign has been run in response to the relaxing of lockdown measures and was timed to coincide with the easing of travel restrictions with the aim of keeping people safe as people returned to the roads.

Commenting on the operation in Warwickshire, Chief Inspector Ross Campbell from the roads policing team said: "We expected to see an increase in road use as travel restrictions eased and with that an increase in road traffic offences, but we have been genuinely shocked by some of speeds we have seen people travelling at over the last few days.

"Speeding kills, it is that simple, and the subsequent impact that has on people's lives is devastating. Drivers need to slow down, think about what they are doing and consider the consequences for themselves and others."

The campaign will continue over the weekend with officers proactively targeting speeding drivers.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
