```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Two knives and a baseball bat were seized by officers in two separate incidents as part of a policing operation in Rugby. Three men - aged 25, 29 and 32 - from Rugby were arrested in connection with the incidents.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Knives seized and three men arrested as part of ongoing operation \u2013 Rugby"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/knives-seized-and-three-men-arrested-as-part-of-ongoing-operation--rugby/
publish:
  date: 10:30 10/12/2020
title: "Knives seized and three men arrested as part of ongoing operation \u2013 Rugby | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/knives-seized-and-three-men-arrested-as-part-of-ongoing-operation--rugby/
```

Three men are in custody after knives were seized by officers as part of a proactive policing operation in Rugby.

Response officers were called to a disturbance on Regent Street at around 2.30am this morning (Thursday) with a man in his 20s understood to have suffered facial injuries, which are not believed to be life-threatening.

A butterfly knife and a baseball bat was seized by officers and a 29-year-old man from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of Assault - ABH and possessing a knife/bladed article while a 25-year-old man - also from Rugby - was arrested on suspicion of Assault GBH (section 18).

They both remain in police custody at this time.

Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information or who was in the area is asked to call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting incident 16 of 10 December.

Shortly afterwards, around 3.45am officers performed a stop search on a man seen to be acting suspiciously on Chestnut Field.

A wooden handled knife was seized and a 32-year-old man from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of possessing a knife/bladed article in a public place.

He remains in police custody at this time.

Investigations are continuing and officers are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident to call 101 quoting incident 26 of 10 December.

The arrests come as part of a continued operation to drive down knife crime within the borough.

Operation Spigot has seen officers patrol hotspot areas, carry out warrants and stop searches based on intelligence as well as supporting force-wide and national initiatives.

Police have also been engaging with the local community and encouraging them to report individuals carrying a knife as well as raising awareness among young people of the dangers of doing so.

In addition, officers have been seeking to educate potential victims, parents, teachers, and the community on knife crime as well as the wider issues it can affect such as drug use and exploitation.

Click here to find out more about Operation Spigot.

Anyone who has information about suspected knife crime in the borough should call 101 or report it online here

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
