```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man on Tachbrook Road in Leamington on Wednesday (15 January).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Murder investigation launched \u2013 Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/murder-investigation-launched--leamington/
publish:
  date: 17:15 15/01/2020
title: "Murder investigation launched \u2013 Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/murder-investigation-launched--leamington/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man on Tachbrook Road this morning (Wednesday, 15 January).

Officers were called at around 11am to a report that two men had been stabbed.

Emergency services attended and sadly, one of the victims, a young male, was pronounced deceased at the scene.

The second victim, also a young male, was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

A cordon remains in place on Tachbrook Road while enquiries continue.

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith from Warwickshire Police said: "A murder investigation has been launched and we are working hard to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident.

"We understand this will be concerning to the local community and want to reassure the public that we are treating this as an isolated incident at this time, as we believe this was a targeted attack with no ongoing risk to the wider public.

"The public can expect to see an increased police presence in the area while our officers continue to conduct their enquiries.

"We have arrested a 33-year-old man from Leamington on suspicion of murder and he remains in police custody at this time.

"Officers are also trying to locate another suspect believed to be involved in this incident who was last seen at around 11.30am on Emscote Road at the junction with Fosberry Close in Warwick.

He is described as a young black male and is believed to have sustained an injury to his leg. If you think you may have seen this man I would urge you to call us immediately on 101.

"We are also really keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident, has CCTV or dash cam footage of the area at around the time of the incident, or may have seen something suspicious to also please get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 137 of 15 January 2020.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website: www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
