```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police has announced the results of its annual Christmas campaign to highlight the consequences of drink or drug driving.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police announce results of annual Christmas campaign to highlight the consequences of drink or drug driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/warwickshire-police-announce-results-of-annual-christmas-campaign-to-highlight-the-consequences-of-drink-or-drug-driving/
publish:
  date: 15:19 17/01/2020
title: Warwickshire Police announce results of annual Christmas campaign to highlight the consequences of drink or drug driving | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/warwickshire-police-announce-results-of-annual-christmas-campaign-to-highlight-the-consequences-of-drink-or-drug-driving/
```

Warwickshire Police has announced the results of its annual Christmas campaign to highlight the consequences of drink or drug driving.

As well as highlighting the facts, dispelling the myths and raising awareness of the consequences of driving under the influence of drink or drugs this Christmas, the campaign included an enforcement element for the few that continue to break the law.

Over a two week period between 18 and 31 December 2019 officers arrested thirty-two people on suspicion of drink driving and 7 on suspicion of drug driving.

Of these nine people were arrested on suspicion of drink driving following a collision.

In December 2018, Warwickshire Police conducted 686 breath tests over a four week period, sixty-three people were arrested on suspicion of drink driving and 16 on suspicion of drug driving.

In December 2018 and December 2019, an average of 20 people a week were arrested for drink or drug driving during the enforcement periods.

As well as risking death or serious injury to themselves, drink or drug drivers also put others at risk. During the campaign suspected drink drivers were arrested on the M6, other people including young children have been passengers in suspected drink driver's vehicles, and passengers of suspected drink drivers have been hospitalised following collisions.

Inspector Jem Mountford said "This campaign is important because a quarter of all deaths on roads can be directly attributed to drink or drugs. It is encouraging that the number of drink drivers arrested does not appear to have increased but there is still more work to do as it is not acceptable to drink or drug drive.

"We would like to thank all those members of the public who reported the details of suspected drink drivers to us over the Christmas period. Several arrests were made as a result. Warwickshire Police is also grateful to those members of the public who recorded footage on their mobile phones or stayed with suspected drink drivers until officers arrived."

Being arrested on suspicion of drink or drug driving may come as a shock for many people. You will be taken into police custody. Your photo will be taken. Further tests will be conducted to assess your alcohol level. You are likely to spend the night in a police cell until you are sober. In some situations you may end up being interviewed by a Police Officer. If tests find you are over the limit you are likely to be charged and given a court date, where at court you are likely to lose your driving licence. You could be imprisoned, banned from driving and face a fine.

Warwickshire Police has also been publicising arrests made over the Christmas and New Year period for drink or drug driving as part of their push to change people's behaviour and reduce the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads. Please visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details.

Warwickshire Police is working closely with partners including Warwickshire Fire & Rescue Service, West Midlands Ambulance Service, Warwickshire County Council, Highways England, and national campaigners including BRAKE to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county's roads.
