```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Bedworth on Sunday (20 December 2020).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Bedworth"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--bedworth/
publish:
  date: 13:32 23/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Bedworth | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--bedworth/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Bedworth on Sunday (20 December 2020).

The incident happened at around 5.50pm on Ambleside Road when the victim, a delivery driver, was making deliveries in the area. An unknown male has gained access to the rear of the delivery vehicle, a silver ford transit van, and removed a number of parcels.

The victim challenged the male before getting back in his vehicle and driving to Newdigate Road.

While there, a small black hatchback vehicle similar to a Fiat Punto or an Alfa Romeo Gulietta parked behind the victim's van and a second male has approached the victim's vehicle holding what was believed to be a knife.

The victim drove away in the direction of Bedworth Police Station and was followed by the black vehicle, until it turned off onto Bulkington Lane.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was not injured but left shaken following the incident.

The first suspect is described as a mixed race Asian male, aged between 35 and 40, around 6'2", of slim build, wearing a light blue sports jacket possibly relating to Coventry City Football Club, dark coloured work trousers and a black baseball cap.

The second suspect is described as a white male, in his mid to late 20s, shorter than the first suspect, of large build and believed to be wearing dark coloured clothing.

Detective Constable Olivia Miles from Nuneaton CID said: "Thankfully the victim in this incident wasn't injured by the suspects but it was a frightening experience which left him understandably shaken.

"While no arrests have been made, investigations are ongoing and we would be keen to speak to anyone who witnessed either incident or any local residents who may have CCTV footage of the Ambleside Road and Newdigate Road areas between 5.40pm and 6.00pm on Sunday."

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to report this to us either via our website or by calling 101 quoting incident number 276 of 20 December.

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
