```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police has stopped 33 vehicles on the A5 near Dordon, Warwickshire on Friday 18 October, in a joint operation aimed at improving the safety of Warwickshire\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warwickshire Police and partners work together in joint operation to improve public safety on Warwickshire\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/warwickshire-police-and-partners-work-together-in-joint-operation-to-improve-public-safety-on-warwickshires-roads/
publish:
  date: 10:54 21/10/2019
title: "Warwickshire Police and partners work together in joint operation to improve public safety on Warwickshire\u2019s roads | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/warwickshire-police-and-partners-work-together-in-joint-operation-to-improve-public-safety-on-warwickshires-roads/
```

Warwickshire Police has stopped 33 vehicles on the A5 near Dordon, Warwickshire on Friday 18 October, in a joint operation aimed at improving the safety of Warwickshire's roads.

Working alongside partner agencies including the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) and the Environment Agency, officers including volunteers from the Special Constabulary intercepted 33 vehicles to check that they were roadworthy and were being driven with the appropriate documentation.

Five vehicles were also stopped that were believed to be overweight.

Officers used their professional judgement to identify potential offences and bring the vehicles into a designated site, staffed by police officers who dealt with the vehicle and drivers for any offences, working alongside the DVSA and Environment Agency Officers.

Whilst enforcing the legislation, officers also used the opportunity to make sure drivers are aware of the dangers they may be putting themselves and other road users in by not complying with road safety legislation. This included checking their tyres.

PC 839 Jamie Blood said "We are really pleased at the results. We have proactively targeted vehicles that do not comply with the regulations, and been robust in dealing with any offences we have identified. We have seized five uninsured vehicles, dealt with insecure loads and identified vehicles using tyres in such bad condition that the inner cords were exposed."

DVSA Enforcement Delivery Manager David Drabble said "DVSA's priority is to protect everyone from unsafe drivers and vehicles. Our joint working with the police and other agencies in carrying out roadside checks in this operation helps to make our roads even safer."

A spokesperson for the Environment Agency said "We will work in partnership with other agencies to ensure that those who carry waste or other goods harmful to our environment are correctly licensed and complying with the regulations in place. Two offences of no waste carrier licence were identified."

In 2018, 35 people were killed on Warwickshire's roads and 325 people were seriously injured and Warwickshire Police will be increasing its road policing patrols and road safety activities with the aim of reducing these numbers.

The effects of every death or serious injury on our roads are devastating and it is a priority for the Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner and the force to reduce the number of killed and seriously injured on our roads.

Further operations are planned on Warwickshire's roads all aimed at reducing the number of killed and seriously injured.

Warwickshire Police is supporting the national TyreSafe campaign to raise awareness of the importance of checking and maintaining your tyres.

This year's campaign focuses on three key areas: Air pressure, Condition, and Tread depth - ACT. The campaign seeks to encourage motorists to check their tyres at least once a month every month, and before long journeys.

Tyre condition is a significant contributory factor with regards to road collisions and it is a legal requirement for drivers to ensure their tyres are in good condition and at the correct tread depth (minimum depth of 1.6 mm).

Drivers risk a fine of up to £2,500 and three points on their licence for each tyre. Four illegal tyres could mean a fine of £10,000 and 12 penalty points.

For more information please visit http://www.tyresafe.org

**Issued: 11am Monday 21 October 2019, HN, Corporate Communications**

## Warwickshire Police has stopped 33 vehicles on the A5 near Dordon, Warwickshire on Friday 18 October, in a joint operation aimed at improving the safety of Warwickshire’s roads

## Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency took part in joint operation to improve road safety

## Police used a mobile weighbridge to check for overweight vehicles
