```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Officers patrolling Warwickshire\u2019s roads in the run up to Christmas have arrested a further five people on suspicion of drink or drug driving."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More arrests during anti drink and drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-arrests-during-anti-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 17:10 15/12/2020
title: More arrests during anti drink and drug driving campaign | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-arrests-during-anti-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Officers patrolling Warwickshire's roads in the run up to Christmas have arrested a further five people on suspicion of drink or drug driving.

Police charged a 61 year old woman from Bidford following a collision between a car and a van in Broad Street, Stratford Upon Avon at 12.20 hours on Saturday 12 December 2020. She was arrested shortly after the collision and taken to Leamington Spa custody where she was later charged with drink driving. She is currently scheduled to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates at 11am on 12 January 2021.

Officers arrested a 34 year old man from Atherstone on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drink /drugs. He was arrested at 15.56 hours on 11 December when officers stopped the vehicle he was driving in Whitington Lane, Atherstone. His vehicle was also seized as he was driving without insurance and had no MOT. He has been released under investigation.

Officers arrested a 41 year old woman from Rugby on suspicion of failing to provide a breath test and on suspicion of making threats to kill at 18.06 hours on Monday 14 December. She spent the night in custody and has been released on bail with strict conditions pending further enquiries.

Police arrested a 32 year old man from Nuneaton on suspicion of driving under the influence of cannabis and possession of cannabis after stopping his car at 17.17hours on 14 December in Nuneaton. He has been released under investigation.

A 34 year old woman from Bedworth was arrested and charged with drink driving following a road traffic collision between a HGV and two cars that occurred at 10.55 hours on Monday 14 December in Royal Oak Lane, Coventry. She is currently scheduled to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates at 11am on 19 February 2021.

Warwickshire Police is publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made

Anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
