```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A 25-year-old man has been arrested as part of a proactive policing operation to tackle knife crime in Rugby.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following incident in Rugby
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/man-arrested-following-incident-in-rugby/
publish:
  date: 14:45 25/11/2020
title: Man arrested following incident in Rugby | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/man-arrested-following-incident-in-rugby/
```

A 25-year-old man has been arrested as part of a proactive policing operation in Rugby.

A man was seen acting suspiciously in Rugby town centre earlier today (Wednesday) and was reported to have thrown an item into a nearby bush as he cycled through Percival Guildhouse Gardens.

Shortly afterwards he returned to the area and is understood to have collected the item.

A bladed item was subsequently seized by officers and a 25-year-old man from Rugby arrested on suspicion of possessing a bladed article.

He remains in police custody at this time.

Enquiries are currently ongoing and we're appealing for anyone who saw any suspicious activity or who was in the area of Percival Guildhouse Gardens or Asda between 12.30pm and 1pm to get in touch.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting incident 135 of 25 November.

The arrest comes as part of an ongoing operation to drive down knife crime within the borough.

Operation Spigot has seen officers patrol hotspot areas, carry out warrants and stop searches based on intelligence as well as supporting force-wide and national initiatives.

Police have also been engaging with the local community and encouraging them to report individuals carrying a knife as well as raising awareness among young people of the dangers of doing so.

In addition, officers have been seeking to educate potential victims, parents, teachers, and the community on knife crime as well as the wider issues it can affect such as drug use and exploitation.

Click here to find out more about Operation Spigot.

Anyone who has information about suspected knife crime in the borough should call 101 or report it online here

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
