```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads on the M6 aimed at improving public safety on the region\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warwickshire Police and partners work together to improve public safety on the region\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/warwickshire-police-and-partners-work-together-to-improve-public-safety-on-the-regions-roads/
publish:
  date: 11:00 13/11/2019
title: "Warwickshire Police and partners work together to improve public safety on the region\u2019s roads | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/warwickshire-police-and-partners-work-together-to-improve-public-safety-on-the-regions-roads/
```

Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads on the M6 aimed at improving public safety on the region's roads.

The operation took place on day two of a Safer Loads course organised by Highways England, and delivered by HSE and Warwickshire Police were joined by officers from the Special Constabulary, CMPG, West Mercia Police, Northamptonshire Police, Leicestershire Police and Gwent Police . They were also joined on site by the Environment Agency and the Road Haulage Association.

During the operation near Corley Services on the M6 in Warwickshire the vehicles were brought in to the check site so that officers and staff could examine their load and check tax, insurance, tyres, tachograph and the general condition of the vehicle.

Of the 57 vehicles brought in to the check site, 43 (75%) enforcements were made.

10 vehicles had insecure loads

8 vehicles were overweight

5 vehicles were found to have no insurance and were seized.

2 vehicles had no tax

2 vehicles had defective tyres

11 had tachograph offences

One vehicle was found to be in a dangerous condition

4 vehicles were prohibited from continuing their journey until the problem identified was rectified

Officers exercised their professional judgement to look for load issues such as overweight vehicles, bulging curtain side or insecure loads and used high visibility motorcycles to intercept any vehicles.

Vehicles were escorted in to a holding area in the lorry park area of Corley Services so that they could be checked by all agencies.

Once the vehicle had been dealt with and there were no outstanding issues it was allowed to proceed.

PC Mark Russell of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said "As we move into 2020 we shall continue to focus on education and enforcement with road users in the county on safe and secure loading. We urge all road users when using the roads to ensure that the load they are carrying is secured safely. Road safety is all of our responsibilities.

For anyone who is unsure of their responsibilities please see

https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/load-securing-vehicle-operator-guidance/load-securing-vehicle-operator-guidance

PC Russell added "I would particularly like to thank my colleagues from the Special Constabulary for their assistance during the operation.

In 2018, 35 people were killed on Warwickshire's roads and 325 people were seriously injured and Warwickshire Police will be increasing its road policing patrols and road safety activities with the aim of reducing these numbers.

The effects of every death or serious injury on our roads are devastating and it is a priority for Warwickshire Police and partners to reduce the number of killed and seriously injured on our roads.

Further operations are planned on Warwickshire's roads all aimed at reducing the number of killed and seriously injured on the region's roads.

**Issued: 11.30am Wednesday 13 November 2019, HN Corporate Communications**

## Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads

## Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads

## Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads

## Warwickshire Police intercepted 57 vehicles on 12 November 2019 as part of a joint road safety operation targeting insecure loads
