```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for help to locate two potential victims after two unprovoked assaults in Nuneaton around 7.50pm on Saturday 29 August."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to locate victims following unprovoked Nuneaton assaults
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/appeal-to-locate-victims-following-unprovoked-nuneaton-assaults/
publish:
  date: 09:15 15/09/2020
title: Appeal to locate victims following unprovoked Nuneaton assaults | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/appeal-to-locate-victims-following-unprovoked-nuneaton-assaults/
```

We're appealing for help to locate potential victims after two unprovoked assaults in Nuneaton.

Around 7.50pm on Saturday 29 August, a man is reported to have been walking along Donnithorne Avenue when he approached a woman, acted in a threatening manner towards her and grabbed her wrist.

The woman was left shaken but uninjured.

The man continued down the street where he is believed to have shouted at an unknown man before grabbing and assaulting him.

Immediately afterwards, the suspect is then understood to have gone up to a group of young males and begun being verbally abusive to them.

He is then reported to have assaulted one of the group - leaving the victim laying in the road for a number of minutes.

The incident was reported to police at the time but despite extensive and ongoing enquiries, we have been unable to identify the two victims.

PC Aaron Sheriff said: "As part of our investigation, we're keen to establish who the victims were.

"They did not seek medical attention at the time but we believe they may have suffered injuries as a result of the incidents and we'd like to check on their welfare.

"If you were a victim, you know who it was, or you were in the area at the time of the incident, please get in touch.

"We understand a number of cars may have stopped along Donnithorne Avenue so if you were driving along the street or have any dashcam footage, we'd ask you to come forward."

Anyone with information about the incident should call 101 quoting incident 388 of 29 August.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
