```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The number of houses being burgled in Warwickshire has dropped significantly in the past 12 months.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 20% drop in Warwickshire house burglaries over past year
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/in-warwickshire-house-burglaries-over-past-year/
publish:
  date: 15:57 21/04/2020
title: 20% drop in Warwickshire house burglaries over past year | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/in-warwickshire-house-burglaries-over-past-year/
```

The number of houses being burgled in Warwickshire has dropped significantly in the past 12 months.

During the last financial year (April 2019-March 2020), there were 1643 reported house burglaries in Warwickshire. In the same timeframe the previous year (April 2018-March 2019), there were 2065 house burglaries. This is a 20% reduction with 422 fewer households being broken into in the county.

Ch Supt Ben Smith from Warwickshire Police welcomed the news, saying: "We know the impacts home burglaries can have on local communities, and every burglary is one too many. However, we're really happy to see that we've had a significant reduction in these offences, and our work is ongoing to try and bring these numbers down even further.

"We acknowledge that in March 2020 the lockdown was in place which may have distorted these figures slightly, but even so, up until the end of February there was still a 19.6% decrease since the same time the previous year (1545 burglaries instead of 1924).

"Throughout the county, we have dedicated teams who investigate house burglaries as well as targeting known burglary hotspots and offenders. We've been working tirelessly with the public and with other forces and thankfully, this is having a significant impact on offences.

"Working with our local communities to tackle crime is paramount and we continue to urge people to come forward and report any concerns they have to us, whether it is suspicious activity or something out of the ordinary, if they report it we can take action. The information we receive from local residents helps us build a picture of what is happening in our local communities and allows us to take action to prevent further crime."

To report concerns to police contact 101 (in an emergency always call 999), or alternatively information can be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For more crime prevention advice, visit the crime and safety pages on the Warwickshire Police website: www.warwickshire.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
