```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "A Police Constable has been dismissed without notice for gross misconduct. The hearing \u2013 conducted by legally qualified chair, Nick Hawkins \u2013 took place at Stuart Ross House from Monday (7 December) to Wednesday (9 December) and follows an investigation by the Professional Standards Department."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PC dismissed for gross misconduct
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/pc-dismissed-for-gross-misconduct/
publish:
  date: 15:15 14/12/2020
title: PC dismissed for gross misconduct | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/pc-dismissed-for-gross-misconduct/
```

A Police Constable has been dismissed without notice for gross misconduct.

PC Neil Ward had completed 16 years of service and was most recently based in south Warwickshire.

The hearing - conducted by legally qualified chair, Nick Hawkins - took place at Stuart Ross House from Monday (7 December) to Wednesday (9 December) and follows an investigation by the Professional Standards Department.

The allegations against the officer centred around inappropriate sexual conduct and language used towards female police colleagues.

It was determined his actions had breached the following standards of professional behaviour as outlined in the College of Policing's Code of Ethics: Honesty and Integrity (integrity only), Authority, Respect and Courtesy, Equality and Diversity and Discreditable Conduct. All the allegations against PC Ward were proven and the panel determined his actions amounted to gross misconduct.

The 41-year-old will be placed on the College of Policing's Barred List.

Superintendent Warren Little, Head of Professional Standards said: "We expect all our officers and staff to uphold the highest standards of behaviour and the officer in this case has failed to do so.

"If they fall below these standards, they discredit the service and impact on the trust and confidence of our communities, which we cannot allow.

"In this matter, PC Ward was subject of a gross misconduct investigation following reports that he had made repeated and unwanted sexualised comments and actions towards female police colleagues.

"This type of behaviour in the workplace is wholly unacceptable and has no place in Warwickshire Police. The independent panel agreed and dismissed the officer without notice."

If you have any concerns about the conduct of a police officer or member of police staff you can report it in one of the following ways:

 * Call Warwickshire Police on 101
 * Via the complaints section of the website
 * Visit your local police station
 * Contact the Independent Office for Police Complaints (IOPC)
 * Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

The outcome of the misconduct hearing is subject to the normal appeals process.

Outcomes are published quarterly on our website here

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
