```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a teenager has been sent to prison for the manslaughter of 17-year-old Nasir Patrice in Leamington last year.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Teenager sentenced for manslaughter \u2013 Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/teenager-sentenced-for-manslaughter--leamington/
publish:
  date: 16:37 23/03/2021
title: "Teenager sentenced for manslaughter \u2013 Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/teenager-sentenced-for-manslaughter--leamington/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a teenager has been sent to prison for the manslaughter of 17-year-old Nasir Patrice in Leamington last year.

The 17-year-old, from Catford, London (who cannot be named for legal reasons), was sentenced today (Tuesday 23 March) at Warwick Crown Court.

The incident happened at around 11am on Wednesday 15 January 2020, when officers were called to a stabbing on Tachbrook Road in Leamington.

Emergency services attended where sadly, 17-year-old Nasir Patrice from Birmingham was pronounced deceased at the scene. A post-mortem examination later revealed he died from stab wounds to the chest.

Another 18-year-old man was also taken to hospital with serious stab wounds. He has since recovered.

Last Friday (19 March), the 17-year-old was found guilty at the same court of the manslaughter of Nasir Patrice, the wounding of the 18-year-old man, and of perverting the course of justice. He was today sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment.

Three men previously pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice in connection with this case, and were today each sentenced to two years' imprisonment. They are:

 * Abraham Kombey, 19, from Erith, Greater London
 * Richard Talawila, 19, from London
 * William Hutsch, 18, from Greenwich, London

Following the outcome, Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Corfield from Warwickshire Police said:

"Nasir's death shocked the local community and, sadly, this case is a very stark reminder of the devastating effects that both drugs and knife crime can have.

"Nasir Patrice was only 17 when he died. The offender, also a young man himself, will now face a custodial sentence for his crime. So many lives have been devastated by this case but my thoughts remain uppermost with the family of Nasir.

"I'd like to thank everyone who supported this investigation for their hard work and determination, and hope today's outcome will give Nasir's family a small sense of closure that these individuals will now face justice for their actions."

Ben Smith, Head of Local Policing at Warwickshire Police, said: "No family expects to lose a loved one in these circumstances, and sadly, this tragic incident is testament to the fear, misery and devastation that county lines offences can cause in our communities.

"We are dedicated to tackling the supply of illegal drugs in Warwickshire and protecting those who are vulnerable to these offences - we will do everything we can to keep our county safe.

"Our thoughts remain with all those who knew Nasir."

For more information on this case, please see here: bit.ly/3sfbPUN

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications

**Abraham Kombey**

**Richard Talawila**

**William Hutsch**
