```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a robbery in Bedworth last night (Monday 17 August).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following armed robbery - Bedworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-following-armed-robbery---bedworth/
publish:
  date: 14:16 18/08/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following armed robbery - Bedworth | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-following-armed-robbery---bedworth/
```

Warwickshire Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a robbery in Bedworth last night (Monday 17 August).

At around 8.35pm, a man in his 40s was approached near Adelaide Court by three unknown men. The men threatened the victim for his moped, and then stole his phone (a Samsung Galaxy Edge).

The suspects then ran off down an alleyway onto Delamere Road.

There were no reported injuries and the moped was not stolen.

One of the suspects is reported to have been holding an item described as a handgun, and another was believed to have a bladed object. They are described as:

•A black male in his late teens, around 5' 9", who spoke with a Midlands accent. He was described as wearing all black clothing, a large black puffer style jacket, a black scarf or mask over the lower part of his face and a hood covering the upper part of his face.

•A black male in his late teens, around 5' 9", wearing a black mask or scarf covering the lower part of his face, a cap with a black peak and a hood over the top.

• A black male in his late teens, around 6', wearing all black clothing and a large black coat, a black scarf or mask covering the lower part of his face, a cap with a peak and a hood worn over the cap.

Investigating officer, Det Con Catherine Mewis of the Serious and Complex Crime Team said: "This is a concerning incident and we have now launched a thorough investigation.

"Thankfully, the victim was not injured but this was understandably distressing for him and we are determined to identify and locate those responsible. A number of enquiries are currently ongoing.

"If anyone witnessed the offence or has any information which may assist with the investigation, please call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 402 of 17 August 2020."

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their websie.

 **Issued: HCB, Corporate Communications**
