```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Police arrested a 36 year old man from Rugby on suspicion of failing to provide a breath test after the car he was driving collided with a bridge in Thurnmill Road, Long Lawford, Rugby at 20.27 hours on Monday 7 December. There was significant damage to the vehicle. Fortunately he and two other occupants of the vehicle were not injured. The 36 year old has been released under investigation after spending over 12 hours in police custody.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATED: Two more drivers arrested on suspicion of drink driving'
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/two-more-drivers-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-driving/
publish:
  date: 14:20 08/12/2020
title: 'UPDATED: Two more drivers arrested on suspicion of drink driving | Warwickshire Police'
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/two-more-drivers-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-driving/
```

Police arrested a 36 year old man from **Rugby** on suspicion of failing to provide a breath test after the car he was driving collided with a bridge in Thurnmill Road, Long Lawford, Rugby at 20.27 hours on Monday 7 December. There was significant damage to the vehicle. Fortunately he and two other occupants were not injured in the collision. The 36 year old has been released under investigation after spending over 12 hours in police custody.

**UPDATED** : Officers also arrested a 45 year old man from **Birmingham** on suspicion of drink driving at 02.40 hours on Tuesday 8 December 2020 after stopping his car on the A46 northbound near **Warwick**. **He has been charged with drink driving, driving without a licence, driving without insurance and obstructing a police officer. He is currently scheduled to appear before Leamington Spa Magistrates Court at 2pm on 8 January 2021.**

Warwickshire Police is publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
