```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Officers are taking the opportunity to remind communities of the importance of staying safe online.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue advice on staying safe online
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/police-issue-advice-on-staying-safe-online/
publish:
  date: 15:34 16/10/2019
title: Police issue advice on staying safe online | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/police-issue-advice-on-staying-safe-online/
```

Officers are taking the opportunity to remind communities of the importance of staying safe online.

When used safely and responsibly, the internet is a fantastic resource which brings huge benefits. However, it is important everyone is aware of the risks and the steps they should take to stay safe online.

 **Please see the below advice: **

o Keep all phones, laptops and tablets secure - use a password or PIN.
o Don't do anything online that you wouldn't do face to face.
o Think about what is ok to post and share on the internet. Comments, photos and videos that are posted can always be recorded, even if later deleted, so could be seen by someone in the future.
o Be careful about who you speak to online - you never know who they really are. Think about why and how you know people and if you are not friends in the real life, you shouldn't be online.
o Never feel forced into doing anything you don't want to do.
o Block people who send offensive messages and tell someone about it.
o Also don't send or make nasty comments about someone else online.
o Don't open links and attachments from people you don't know.
o Never arrange to meet someone you have only met on the internet.
o If you receive an indecent image from someone, do not send it onto others or respond with one of you - report it.
o Tell an adult or someone you trust - like a friend - if you feel frightened or worried about what's happening to you online.

While children and young people are growing up in a world of constantly-evolving technology, and the internet playing a significant role in their learning, social lives and often their future careers, parents and carers also play an important role in ensuring they are protected, while also staying safe themselves.

The advice follows a recent court case involving a 20-year-old man who groomed an 11-year-old girl online, before meeting her in person in North Warwickshire. He was recently sentenced to three years in prison for child sex offences.

Detective Constable Rachael Stain of Nuneaton CID said: "We would ask parents to please be aware of what children are doing on the internet, the sites they are visiting, who they are talking to and ensuring they know there is an adult to talk to if they are concerned.

"There are some great, trusted online resources which offer advice about staying safe online, such as cybersafewarwickshire.com, thinkuknow.co.uk and getsafeonline.org."

Issued: HCB, Corporate Communications
