```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: More than half of the people arrested over the Christmas weekend were detained on suspicion of committing domestic offences.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than half of people in custody over Christmas weekend were arrested on suspicion of domestic offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-than-half-of-people-in-custody-over-christmas-weekend-were-arrested-on-suspicion-of-domestic-offences/
publish:
  date: 13:31 31/12/2020
title: More than half of people in custody over Christmas weekend were arrested on suspicion of domestic offences | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-than-half-of-people-in-custody-over-christmas-weekend-were-arrested-on-suspicion-of-domestic-offences/
```

More than half of the people arrested over the Christmas weekend* were detained on suspicion of committing domestic offences.

Of the 60 people in custody over the weekend, 34 were arrested on suspicion of committing domestic offences including sexual assault, assault, criminal damage, coercive and controlling behaviour, breach of non-molestation orders, threats to kill and theft.

Chief Inspector Zaid Khan from the Warwickshire Police Domestic Abuse Unit said: "Christmas is anything but happy for victims of domestic abuse who often find themselves spending more time at home with their abuser, something that is even more of a problem during the Covid restrictions we are living in.

"Domestic abuse takes many forms including physical, economic, sexual and psychological.

"We are here to help; we have specially trained officers who are here to offer support and protection, and work to bring offenders to justice. Please don't suffer in silence."

If you are a victim of domestic abuse, or know someone who is, and there's an emergency or life is in danger call 999. In non-emergency cases and for general advice you can call 101.

Officers will make sure you're dealt with respectfully and spoke to away from the person responsible for the abuse. If you are physically injured we will arrange medical care if necessary.

**Breakdown of arrests by area:**

 * North Warwickshire - 4
 * Nuneaton and Bedworth - 12
 * Rugby borough - 5
 * Stratford district - 8
 * Warwick district - 5

**
Local help**

Warwickshire Against Domestic Abuse
Includes a helpline.

**
National helplines**

Domestic Violence Assist
Specialises in assistance to obtain emergency injunctions from being further abused.
Phone: 0800 195 8699

National Centre for Domestic Violence
Specialises in assistance to get emergency injunctions from being further abused.
Phone: 0800 970 2070

Women's Aid Domestic Violence Helpline
Free 24-hour national helpline run by Women's Aid and Refuge.
Phone: 0808 2000 247

Hourglass
The Hourglass confidential helpline provides information and support to anyone concerned about harm, abuse or exploitation of an older person.
Phone: 0808 808 8141

Men's Advice Line
Confidential helpline for male victims of domestic abuse.
Phone: 0808 801 0327

National LGBT Domestic Abuse Helpline
Emotional and practical support for LGBT+ people.
Phone: 0800 999 5428

National Stalking Helpline
Guidance on the law, how to report stalking, gathering evidence, staying safe and reducing the risk.
Phone: 0808 802 0300

Victim Support
Free and confidential help to victims of crime, witnesses, their family and friends.
Phone: 0808 1689 111

Click here for more advice - https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/daa/domestic-abuse/

*Christmas Weekend covered from the evening of Christmas Eve until the morning of 29 December.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
