```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police would like to thank the public for their ongoing support and commitment in continuing to follow Government guidance around staying at home and maintaining social distancing to prevent the spread of CoVID-19.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police thank the public for their continued support during the CoVID-19 pandemic
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-thank-the-public-for-their-continued-support-during-the-covid-19-pandemic/
publish:
  date: 15:33 03/04/2020
title: Warwickshire Police thank the public for their continued support during the CoVID-19 pandemic | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-thank-the-public-for-their-continued-support-during-the-covid-19-pandemic/
```

Warwickshire Police would like to thank the public for their ongoing support and commitment in continuing to follow Government guidance around staying at home and maintaining social distancing to prevent the spread of CoVID-19.

The force continues to work with Government and partners to help keep the communities of Warwickshire safe, and with warmer weather predicted, urges the public to continue to stay at home.

Assistant Chief Constable for Warwickshire Police, Debbie Tedds said: "I would like to take this opportunity to say an enormous thank you to the public for their ongoing support over the last couple of weeks as we all adjust to the new social distancing measures.

"I am truly humbled by the way our communities have come together to support each other through these unprecedented times, and would ask that you continue to help each other, while still adhering to Government advice.

"I recognise this is a really frustrating and difficult time for everyone but we are all in this together and we have a responsibility to ourselves and our communities to stay at home as this is the only way we will beat this virus.

"While the vast majority of people are staying indoors, we have noticed an increase in the number of people out and about on foot and also on our roads.

"Our officers will continue to be out and about within communities. With warmer weather predicted this weekend and over the coming weeks, we realise this will make it all the more challenging for people to stay at home but I would urge you to continue to do so.

"If you do need to go out, please consider whether your journey is essential and try to only venture out into public if you absolutely need to."

Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Philip Seccombe said: "I can reassure the public that the police are working tirelessly across the county to help people in these very difficult times and I have been very impressed to the way in which they and all of the partner agencies across the county have come together to ensure that Warwickshire remains a safe place.

"Support services for victims of crime are also continuing to function effectively, offering help to those that need it by telephone and online, while all of the agencies are providing lots of advice online about how to make the best of staying at home.

"It's vitally important that we all continue to do our part to stay at home wherever possible and to only venture out when it is absolutely essential to do so. The response so far from the public across Warwickshire has been very encouraging and there is plenty of evidence that the vast majority are abiding by the current social distancing measures.

"We cannot however afford any complacency and in order to protect vulnerable people and slow the spread of the virus, we must not let this good start slip, particularly as we head into the weekend. So please do heed the messages to stay home and to only go out when it is essential to do so.

"Everyone has a personal responsibility to play their part in helping to overcome this terrible pandemic and I really urge all Warwickshire residents to follow the advice from the Government and to co-operate with the police as they work hard to keep everyone safe."

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
