```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police are today 7 October 2019 delighted to announce the launch of the first Warwickshire Rural Crime Team dedicated to reducing rural crime across the county. The launch coincides with the national Wildlife and Rural Crime Week of Action for all forces running from the 6 to 13 October when a range of rural crime reducing activities are planned.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police launch Rural Crime Team
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/warwickshire-police-launch-rural-crime-team/
publish:
  date: 14:30 07/10/2019
title: Warwickshire Police launch Rural Crime Team | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/warwickshire-police-launch-rural-crime-team/
```

Warwickshire Police are today 7 October 2019 delighted to announce the launch of the first Warwickshire Rural Crime Team dedicated to reducing rural crime across the county. The launch coincides with the national Wildlife and Rural Crime Week of Action for all forces running from the 6 to 13 October when a range of rural crime reducing activities are planned.

Chief Constable Martin Jelley said: "This is great news for our rural communities and demonstrates that we have listened to their concerns and acted on them. There has already been some fantastic work by our officers and staff to address rural crime and I am delighted that the new dedicated team will bring more resources to continue the momentum."

Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner Philip Seccombe said: "I am always keen to do more to support rural businesses and communities affected by crime, so when I increased the Police Precept this year in order to fund additional officers for Warwickshire Police, I stressed that I wanted to see that uplift being reflected across our rural areas just as much as the more densely populated urban centres.

"I am delighted to see the launch of the new Rural Crime Team and, alongside all of the crime prevention initiatives I fund, I hope it reinforces the message that crime will not be tolerated in any part of Warwickshire, including our rural communities. I know through my regular engagement with farmers and rural businesses that crime can have a devastating effect, so I am sure that the additional focus the new team will be able to give will be welcomed across the county."

Inspector Allison Wiggin said: The role of the team is to deliver our Rural Crime Strategy which focusses on the significant issues affecting farmers, businesses and rural communities such as livestock offences, Op Hillman to address the theft and illegal butchery of sheep, acquisitive crime such as the theft of farm machinery, plant and machinery, to the issue of fly tipping. It's a really wide remit but has specific strands we are concentrating on.

Inspector Wiggin added "The team will work closely with the other teams within Warwickshire Police to support them in tackling some of these issues.

The team is based at Greys Mallory near Warwick, however each officer will have geographical ownership of a part of Warwickshire. Their first priority will be to start building up links with the rural community, developing relationships and recognising where we need to address emerging trends in line with our strategy.

Sgt Bob Shaw will lead the new Rural Crime Team that consists of four officers and a Rural Crime Officer:

PC Andy Timmins,

PC Craig Purcell,

PC Kate Taylor,

PC Andy King and

Rural Crime Officer Carol Cotterill

During Wildlife & Rural Crime Week of Action (6-13 October) the team will be out and about supporting a range of activities across the county from Op Leviathon - the illegal fishing in conjunction with the environment agency, Op Tempest which is to tackle crime in rural areas and a number of local engagement events. During the week, the team will be using the following hashtags #weekofaction #wildlifeandruralcrime.

Follow us on social media to find out more.

Find the new Warwickshire Police Rural Team on:-

Twitter @ruralcrimecops

Facebook: www.facebook.com/WarwickshireRuralCrimeTeam/

www.warwickshireruralwatch.co.uk

www.warwickshire-horsewatch.co.uk

If you have a rural crime concern you can get in touch with the team by emailing ruralcrimeteam@warwickshire.pnn.police.uk or calling them on 01926 415478

**Photo:** left to right: Rural Crime Officer Carol Cotterill, Inspector Allison Wiggin, PCC Philip Seccombe, Chief Constable Martin Jelley, Sergeant Bob Shaw, PC Andy Timmins, PC Kate Taylor, PC Craig Purcell

**Issued 2.30pm Monday, 7 October 2019, HN, Corporate Communications**

## Warwickshire Police launch Rural Crime Team
