```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Officers have stopped and spoken to a number of motorists about speeding in Nuneaton as part of a campaign to urge motorists to slow down and obey speed limits to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Drivers stopped in speed checks as Warwickshire Police asks motorists to slow down to reduce death and injury on the county\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/drivers-stopped-in-speed-checks-as-warwickshire-police-asks-motorists-to-slow-down-to-reduce-death-and-injury-on-the-countys-roads/
publish:
  date: 11:25 17/01/2020
title: "Drivers stopped in speed checks as Warwickshire Police asks motorists to slow down to reduce death and injury on the county\u2019s roads | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/drivers-stopped-in-speed-checks-as-warwickshire-police-asks-motorists-to-slow-down-to-reduce-death-and-injury-on-the-countys-roads/
```

Officers have stopped and spoken to a number of motorists about speeding in Nuneaton as part of a campaign to urge motorists to slow down and obey speed limits to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county's roads.

Police officers, PCSO's, special constables and community speed watch volunteers have been out and about in Nuneaton taking part in a mixture of enforcement and educational initiatives.

On 14 January, officers conducted a speed patrol on Haunchwood Road. Fifty vehicles were checked and four were found to be speeding and will be issued with warning letters.

On 14 January high visibility static and mobile patrols were conducted on Nuneaton Road, Bedworth and Nuneaton Road, Bulkington, Bulkington Road and Leicester Road. Road conditions were poor due to the weather and the majority of road users were complying with road traffic conditions. Officers stopped a vehicle on Bulkington Road and speed advice was given.

On 15 January high visibility patrols were conducted on Anderton Road in Bedworth after reports of speeding and dangerous parking outside Newdigate Primary School. Words of advice were given to several parents.

High visibility patrols were carried out in Bulkington Road, Nuneaton Road and Newtown Road on 16 January to deter speeding traffic.

In Warwickshire, between 1 January 2017 and 31 December 2019, 91 people were killed and 659 seriously injured in collisions where speed or loss of control was recorded as a contributory factor.

This is even more concerning as nationally 49% of speeding offences were committed in areas with designated 30mph speed limits, potentially putting the lives of pedestrians including children at risk.

Officers will also be tackling irresponsible and dangerous drivers by focussing their attention on high risk routes in Warwickshire to target those drivers who are committing speeding offences.

Warwickshire Police is working closely with partners including Warwickshire Fire & Rescue Service, West Midlands Ambulance Service, Warwickshire County Council, Highways England, and national campaigners including BRAKE to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county's roads.
