```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Ahead of what is expected to be another busy weekend, the head of local policing in Warwickshire has warned that violence against police officers will not be tolerated.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Senior officer warns \u2018violence against police will not be tolerated\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/senior-officer-warns-violence-against-police-will-not-be-tolerated/
publish:
  date: 10:46 10/07/2020
title: "Senior officer warns \u2018violence against police will not be tolerated\u2019 | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/senior-officer-warns-violence-against-police-will-not-be-tolerated/
```

Ahead of what is expected to be another busy weekend, the head of local policing in Warwickshire has warned that violence against police officers will not be tolerated.

As pubs, bars and restaurants opened across the country last weekend, eight police officers were allegedly assaulted in five separate drunken incidents in Warwickshire.

While none of the incidents were directly linked to a licensed premises, the force is reminding people that they should drink responsibly and know their limits.

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith said: "As we head into what we expect to be another challenging weekend we are sending out a clear message that violence against police officers will not be tolerated.

"Understandably, many people in the county were shocked at the violence shown towards some of our officers who were out on the streets to keep _everybody_ safe last weekend.

"Be warned, if you are violent towards a police officer we will look to use the full force of the law to bring you to justice. It is down to you to drink responsibly and know your limits. Being drunk is not an excuse and it will not be accepted as a defence for violence of any kind."

Warwickshire Police will have extra officers on patrol this weekend to help keep people safe as social distancing measures remain in place at pubs, bars and restaurants.

Chief Superintendent Smith added: "Many people may be going out for a few drinks this weekend following the lockdown. Our message remains the same; it is important people take responsibility for their actions. Coronavirus is still here and it is still dangerous.

"It is important people continue to respect social distancing measures that are in place to protect everyone."

People are being urged to adhere to the following advice:

 * Adhere to social distancing rules.

 * Practice good hand hygiene

 * When drinking, know your limits

 * Follow instructions from staff at the venue

 * Plan your day

 * Consider how you are going to get home safely

 * Look out for your friends

For the latest information about social distancing guidance, visit https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do-after-4-july

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
