```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: We are taking this opportunity to offer crime prevention advice to car owners following a number of burglaries in the south of the county.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car key burglary advice
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/car-key-burglary-advice/
publish:
  date: 09:56 13/11/2019
title: Car key burglary advice | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/car-key-burglary-advice/
```

We are taking this opportunity to offer crime prevention advice to car owners following a number of burglaries in the south of the county.

In recent weeks, several homes have been broken into in an attempt to steal car keys and vehicles from properties.

We would always encourage people to be vigilant with their vehicle security and take on board the below crime prevention measures in a bid to deter thieves:

 * keeping your keys/fobs and valuables out of sight
 * locking your car away safely in the garage, if you have one
 * fitting a high quality alarm to your vehicle
 * using additional security systems such as immobilisers and visible security locks
 * if you have gates on your property, keep them locked where possible
 * always taking keys with you when leaving the vehicle unattended
 * making sure doors, windows, the boot and sunroof are secure whenever you leave your vehicle
 * if you own more than one vehicle, parking the lesser valued vehicle behind the more expensive one on the driveway, making it more difficult to remove

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith said: "We have had a number of car key burglaries, and what we believe to be attempted car key burglaries, in the south Warwickshire area recently.

"We strive to do all we can to protect those in the community from harm and as part of this, officers routinely patrol the areas and will continue to do so.

"Perpetrators of this type of crime often target specific vehicles, based on demand and value.

"If a criminal is targeting a certain vehicle they will also be targeting the owner, looking for easy ways to exploit their security and get to their keys.

"The most common methods used by thieves are to follow victims home or drive around residential areas looking for opportunities.

"If you think you are being followed or see any suspicious vehicles, take down the registration number and report it to police by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

"We would also like to remind people not to leave valuables on show in their vehicles as this can allow opportunistic thieves to strike.

"Equally, in cold weather do not leave your engine running while you wait inside for the windscreen to defrost.

"Car key burglary is an issue that we do not take lightly and where someone has been a victim, we will thoroughly investigate the circumstances around this."

"Car key burglary is an issue that we do not take lightly and where someone has been a victim, we will thoroughly investigate the circumstances around this."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
