```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The force is continuing to encourage people who are victims of domestic abuse not to suffer in silence.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force urges domestic abuse victims not to suffer in silence
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/force-urges-domestic-abuse-victims-not-to-suffer-in-silence/
publish:
  date: 09:20 06/05/2020
title: Force urges domestic abuse victims not to suffer in silence | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/force-urges-domestic-abuse-victims-not-to-suffer-in-silence/
```

The force is continuing to encourage people who are victims of domestic abuse not to suffer in silence.

The ongoing restrictions necessary to combat CoVID-19 mean some people may feel trapped in their homes with an abuser and isolated from support as well as from their friends and family.

We recognise the government order may prove to be additionally challenging for those in violent and abusive relationships while people who have not previously been victims could also find themselves subject to domestic abuse, which could lead to a rise in the number of cases reported nationally.

Although, we have not seen such a rise within our force area, we recognise that one incident of domestic abuse is one too many and want to remind victims they are not alone.

Social distancing rules do not prevent someone who is experiencing or at risk of being abused from leaving their home and seeking help, particularly if they are in danger.

Refuges and safe places remain open and we will provide support to all individuals being abused.

Refuge - Warwickshire's Domestic Violence Service - provides support and advice to women, men and children experiencing domestic violence in Warwickshire.

**They can be reached by calling 0800 408 1552 or emailing DVSW@refuge.org.uk but always call 999 in an emergency.**

Our force is committed to tackling domestic abuse and our officers are continuing to be proactive every day by arresting perpetrators and supporting victims.

As part of our ongoing work, we are also encouraging people to speak out if they suspect people they know may be a victim of domestic abuse.

Detective Inspector Tony Hibbert, head of the force's Domestic Abuse Unit, said: "Our message is simple: we are still here and we will do everything we can to support victims of domestic abuse.

"With communities continuing to practice social distancing, we are encouraging people to check in with their family, friends, and neighbours and speak out if they suspect they may be a victim of domestic abuse.

"Being in an abusive household during this lockdown must be terrifying with victims feeling isolated, alone and as if no-one can help them.

"This is where family and friends can make a difference by stepping forward if they suspect someone is suffering in silence.

"Often in cases of domestic abuse, people are aware there is abuse going on but they don't know what to do to help. Give them a call, send them a text or get in touch some other way just to check they are okay.

"Domestic abuse remains a force priority. It is never acceptable and self-isolation does not keep you safe if you live with abuse. There is no excuse for abuse and we will do everything we can to help.

"You are not alone."

**Key contact**
 ** _Refuge - Warwickshire's Domestic Violence Service_**
 ** _Phone - 0800 408 1552_**
 ** _Email - DVSW@refuge.org.uk_**

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
