```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a rape that took place in Bailey Park off Marston Lane around 10.30pm on Saturday (6 June) appealing for witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UPDATE - Witnesses sought to rape - Bedworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/witnesses-sought-to-rape---bedworth/
publish:
  date: 12:44 07/06/2020
title: UPDATE - Witnesses sought to rape - Bedworth | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/witnesses-sought-to-rape---bedworth/
```

Updated News Post

**Please see update below in bold.**

Officers investigating a rape in Bedworth are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incident happened in Bailey Park off Marston Lane on Saturday (6 June) evening.

The victim - an 18-year-old woman - is understood to have been walking through the park at shortly after 10pm when she was approached by an unknown group of men. She had a brief conversation with them before heading into town.

As she came back and entered the park from the Chamberlain Street entrance between 10.30pm and 10.45pm, one of the men is understood to have sexually assaulted her.

He is described a tall, white man who was believed to be wearing a black tracksuit and dark trainers. It is not known in which direction he left the area.

**A 15-year-old boy from Bedworth arrested on suspicion of rape on Sunday (7 June) has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.**

Specially trained officers are currently providing support to the victim while patrols have been increased in the area to offer reassurance to the community.

Detective Inspector Ollie Deakin said: "This was clearly a distressing incident for the victim and we have specially trained officers providing her with support at this time.

"We understand the concern incidents such as this cause and are carrying out extensive enquiries.

"We're keen to speak to anyone who was in the area on Saturday evening between 10pm and 10.45pm and will have officers on patrol in the town to offer reassurance to anyone who is concerned.

"We would ask anyone with information to come forward - any details, no matter how small, could be significant to our ongoing investigation."

Any witnesses can call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting incident number 411 of 6 June.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications

Updated: 3pm, Thursday 2 July, Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
