```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to prison after a sawn off shotgun was found in his shed.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for assault and possession of sawn off shotgun - Rugby
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-for-assault-and-possession-of-sawn-off-shotgun---rugby/
publish:
  date: 15:03 29/01/2021
title: Man sentenced for assault and possession of sawn off shotgun - Rugby | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-sentenced-for-assault-and-possession-of-sawn-off-shotgun---rugby/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to prison after an assault where a sawn off shotgun was found in his shed.

Joshua Nicholson aged 29 of Egerton Close, Rugby, appeared at Warwick Crown Court on Tuesday (27 January).

On 22 June 2019, police were called to a disturbance at a house in Brownsover, where they found a woman hiding in a neighbour's property who had been assaulted by Nicholson.

Another man tried to help, and was punched by Nicholson (who was holding a knife).

Nicholson fled the scene, but while at the address, a loaded sawn off shotgun and spare cartridges were found by officers in a bin within his shed. Nicholson's DNA was found on the weapon.

Nicholson travelled to France and then over to Majorca, and a European Arrest Warrant was sought for him. However, he later returned to Rugby on his own accord where he came to police attention and was
arrested in September 2020.

At a previous court hearing, Nicholson pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm (the sawn off shotgun), affray with a knife and assault.

At Tuesday's sentence, he was given an eight year and one month sentence for possession of a firearm, affray and assault. He was also given a ten year restraining order against the victim.

Det Insp Jim Rankin from Rugby CID said: "This was a really complex incident to investigate, and our thoughts are with Nicholson's multiple victims.

"Nicholson had no lawful purpose to possess a firearm - not to mention that fact sawn off shotguns are highly illegal. This weapon could have been extremely dangerous in the wrong hands, especially as it was left loaded.

"During the course of the incident, Nicholson fled from officers and travelled to Europe. However, his fate awaited him and he will now face justice for his offences."

**Issued: HCB, Corporate Communications**
