```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A new Local Policing Patrol Support Team, launched in January to support uniformed colleagues in addressing new and priority crime issues, has had an immediate impact on reducing vehicle crime across Warwickshire.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Patrol Support Team has immediate impact on reducing vehicle crime across Warwickshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/new-patrol-support-team-has-immediate-impact-on-reducing-vehicle-crime-across-warwickshire/
publish:
  date: 14:34 07/04/2020
title: New Patrol Support Team has immediate impact on reducing vehicle crime across Warwickshire | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/new-patrol-support-team-has-immediate-impact-on-reducing-vehicle-crime-across-warwickshire/
```

A new Local Policing Patrol Support Team, launched in January to support uniformed colleagues in addressing new and priority crime issues, has had an immediate impact on reducing vehicle crime across Warwickshire.

Led by Sergeant Steven Davies and based in the north of the county, the team of one sergeant and six officers - despite being one officer short - has achieved some significant results in apprehending offenders and disrupting criminal activities in just 9 weeks - particularly around vehicle crime.

In the first three weeks of 'Operation Alternator' \- a new operation to tackle vehicle crime, the new Patrol Support Team reviewed 308 vehicle offences, 27 of these were in Weddington, 22 in Bedworth and 27 in Nuneaton, Bedworth & North Warwickshire, identified as vehicle crime hotspots

Chief Supt Ben Smith said "The number of vehicle crimes happening in North Warwickshire was starting to impact public confidence in the police however since the Patrol Support Team launched the new Operation we have seen a week on week reduction. "

The team of experienced officers has delivered a 30% reduction in vehicle crime offences since the turn of the year.

The team's successes are not just limited to reducing vehicle crime. They have also concentrated on some of the longest outstanding offenders for offences including domestic abuse. The team has arrested over 75 people since it was formed, reducing the number of high risk wanted nominals from 14 to 1. Arrest warrants are down from 80 to 20 across the force and in North Warwickshire from 48 to 7. These legal orders issued by the Courts allow officers to arrest someone who is living in the community but has failed to appear in court for offences ranging from theft to the most serious in society, including domestic abuse.

As the team was created to address priority issues, the officers were recruited as they all have a strong desire to make a significant contribution to reducing crime and have needed to be extremely flexible around when and where they work to maximise their results.

Chief Supt Ben Smith said "The increase in officer numbers as a result of rises in local council tax in recent years has allowed the force to be more flexible with its resources and focus on areas that really matter to the public. The proactive patrol support team has produced such tremendous results that a decision has been made to invest in an identical team which will run from the South of the County.

"This will allow for patrol support to be spread across the entire force area, giving an enhanced element of proactivity."
