```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has today (Thursday, 3 December 2020) been convicted of non-recent child sex offences.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man convicted of non-recent child sex offences - Warwick
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/man-convicted-of-non-recent-child-sex-offences---warwick/
publish:
  date: 17:24 03/12/2020
title: Man convicted of non-recent child sex offences - Warwick | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/man-convicted-of-non-recent-child-sex-offences---warwick/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has today (Thursday, 3 December 2020) been convicted of non-recent child sex offences.

Joseph Quigley, aged 56, of Church Lane in Stone, Staffordshire was found guilty by a majority jury following his trial at Warwick Crown Court today of four counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child, two counts of sexual assault, two counts of false imprisonment and one count of child cruelty.

The offences took place in Warwick, between 2006 and 2009 against one male victim when he was aged between 14 and 16.

At the time the offences occurred, Quigley was working in a position of trust as a priest and private tutor.

Quigley has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced at Warwick Crown Court on 29 January 2021.

Following today's outcome, investigating officer Detective Sergeant Abigail Simpson from the Warwickshire Police Criminal Investigations Department said: "Joseph Quigley held a prestigious role and a position of trust within the community at the time the offences were committed, a position he abused by preying on a vulnerable child, grooming him and subjecting him to physical and sexual abuse over a number of years.

"I would like to pay tribute to the victim and witnesses who came forward and gave evidence against him. Thanks to their bravery, Quigley has now been convicted of his appalling crimes and will face justice for his actions, and hopefully this will now give the victim some sense of closure.

"I hope this case reassures anyone who may have been a victim of sexual abuse, either non-recent or current, that Warwickshire Police is committed to providing help and support to victims and bringing offenders to justice. We will always thoroughly investigate, no matter when the abuse took place. There is help and support out there, so please don't suffer in silence."

Anyone who has been the victim of a sexual offence is encouraged to report the incident to police by calling 101, where specially trained officers will help victims with care and sensitivity, and will work to get the right result for them with their wishes in mind. Always call 999 in an emergency.

There are a number of services available to people affected by sexual offences in Warwickshire. Click here for more information.

Operation Hydrant was established in June 2014 to deliver the national policing response, oversight, and coordination of non-recent child sexual abuse investigations concerning persons of public prominence, or in relation to those offences which took place within institutional settings. They have launched an Adult Survivors Animation, which provides information to help inform the decision making of adult victims of child abuse who are thinking about making a report to the police, but are unsure of the process. The animation also signposts victims and survivors to support which is available. The video can be viewed here.

Issued: LK, Corporate Communications
