```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A former Warwickshire Police officer has been told he would have been dismissed had he not previously resigned from the force. This came following a conviction for drink driving.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Misconduct hearing: Former Warwickshire Police officer told he would have been dismissed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/misconduct-hearing-former-warwickshire-police-officer-told-he-would-have-been-dismissed/
publish:
  date: 13:46 24/03/2021
title: 'Misconduct hearing: Former Warwickshire Police officer told he would have been dismissed | Warwickshire Police'
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/misconduct-hearing-former-warwickshire-police-officer-told-he-would-have-been-dismissed/
```

A former Warwickshire Police officer has been told he would have been dismissed had he not previously resigned from the force. This came following a conviction for drink driving.

Former PC James Fitzmaurice failed a breath test while off duty after being stopped by officers on the M40 near Bicester on 22 December 2020.

He pleaded guilty to drink driving at Oxford Magistrates' Court on 24 December and on 21 January was disqualified from driving for 18 months. He subsequently resigned from the force.

At an accelerated misconduct hearing on 19 March chaired by Chief Constable Martin Jelley it was determined that Fitzmaurice had breached the standards of professional behaviour in relation to discreditable conduct. The former officer's actions amounted to gross misconduct.

The chair further determined that if the former officer had not already resigned he would have been dismissed from the force. Fitzmaurice, who was a patrol officer based at Bedworth, will also be barred from being employed by the police in the future.

Superintendent Warren Little, Head of Professional Standards, said: " Police officers, who have a responsibility to uphold the law in our community, must also uphold the law themselves.

"At a time of the year when the force was working hard to raise awareness of the dangers of drink driving, the actions of Fitzmaurice whilst off duty put others at risk of harm.

"In both the criminal conviction and misconduct finding, the public can be reassured in the action we have taken against an officer who does not live up to our high standards."

The outcome of the misconduct hearing is subject to the usual appeals process.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
