```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help as they investigate an alleged assault on a male on the B4114 Birmingham Road near Coleshill in December."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal after assault on male near Coleshill
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/police-appeal-after-assault-on-male-near-coleshill/
publish:
  date: 09:04 15/02/2021
title: Police appeal after assault on male near Coleshill | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/police-appeal-after-assault-on-male-near-coleshill/
```

Police are appealing for the public's help as they investigate an alleged assault on a male on the B4114 Birmingham Road near Coleshill in December.

A male got out of a Grey Ford Kuga and assaulted the male driver of a Blue Land Rover Discovery before returning to his car and driving off.

The incident occurred between 9.30am and 10.30am on 29 December 2020 near to Woodlands Cemetery.

The victim - a man in his 30s - suffered minor face injuries in the incident.

The offender is described as being between 34-45 years old, around six foot tall and of stocky build with dark shaved hair and stubble. He was wearing a dark tracksuit at the time of the incident.

A 40-year-old male from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with the incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Investigating officer PC Jamie Ruske said: "Through our investigation we have identified a suspect who has been interviewed about the incident. However, at this stage we unable to progress the investigation without more information, potentially from anyone who witnessed the incident.

"The road where it occurred is normally fairly busy at that time of day and the incident will have led to the road being temporarily blocked, so we're hopeful someone will have witnessed the incident and be able to help us."

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting incident 95 of 29 December 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
