```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Police in Bedworth have launched a thorough investigation after someone wrote the words \u2018White Lives Matter\u2019 in large writing into a hillside in Miners Welfare Park, Bedworth."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police launch investigation into hate crime after \u2018White Lives Matter\u2019 graffiti in Bedworth park"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/police-launch-investigation-into-hate-crime-after-white-lives-matter-graffiti-in-bedworth-park/
publish:
  date: 17:16 29/06/2020
title: "Police launch investigation into hate crime after \u2018White Lives Matter\u2019 graffiti in Bedworth park | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/police-launch-investigation-into-hate-crime-after-white-lives-matter-graffiti-in-bedworth-park/
```

Police in Bedworth have launched a thorough investigation after someone wrote the words 'White Lives Matter' in large writing into a hillside in Miners Welfare Park, Bedworth.

The incident is believed to have occurred at around 5.10am on Friday (26 June) morning.

It is being investigated as racially aggravated criminal damage.

Police are also aware of footage on social media appearing to show someone wearing clothing resembling a Ku Klux Klan outfit at the same site.

Superintendent Daf Goddard, community policing lead for Warwickshire, said: "Bedworth is a diverse community where for the vast majority of the time people from different backgrounds live peacefully side-by-side. This appears to be a clear attempt to stir community tensions and it will not be tolerated.

"We have launched a thorough investigation and we will be working hard to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

"We will be increasing patrols in the area and will be working closely with the local communities to provide them with reassurance. I would appeal for anyone with information that could help us identify those involved to contact police."

Anyone with information that could help police with their investigation should call 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
