```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Nineteen year old Corey Heritage from Trenance Road, Exhall has today 9 December 2020 been sentenced to 20 weeks in a young offender institution after appearing before Coventry Magistrates. He was also disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for 36 months and was ordered to pay a &#163;128 victim surcharge to fund victim services.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced during anti drink or drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/man-sentenced-during-anti-drink-or-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 15:41 09/12/2020
title: Man sentenced during anti drink or drug driving campaign | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/man-sentenced-during-anti-drink-or-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Nineteen year old Corey Heritage from Trenance Road, **Exhall** has today 9 December 2020 been sentenced to 20 weeks in a young offender institution after appearing before Coventry Magistrates. He was also disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for 36 months and was ordered to pay a £128 victim surcharge to fund victim services.

He was arrested after officers stopped his vehicle at 21.50 hours on 7 December 2020 on Coventry Road, **Nuneaton**. He was later charged with failing to provide a specimen for analysis, possession of cannabis, driving while disqualified, driving without insurance and criminal damage.

Warwickshire Police is warning motorists who drink or drug drive, that the chances of being caught are high.

All front line officers including Patrol, SNT, Vehicle Crime Teams and OPU will be using police powers to stop and test drivers for drink and drug driving. The public is also being asked to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. We are grateful to the public for their assistance.

In the last 24 hours, officers also arrested a 21 year old man from **Kenilworth** on suspicion of driving under the influence of cannabis and possession of cannabis after his vehicle was stopped at 09.52 hours on Tuesday 8 December in Cryfield Road, Kenilworth. He has been released under investigation.

Warwickshire Police is publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive.
