```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man has been found guilty of murdering Daniel Pitham in Bedworth last year.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found guilty of the murder of Daniel Pitham
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/man-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-daniel-pitham/
publish:
  date: 14:15 17/02/2020
title: Man found guilty of the murder of Daniel Pitham | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/man-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-daniel-pitham/
```

A man has been found guilty of murdering Daniel Pitham in Bedworth last year.

** **

John Robert Allison, 36, of Bulkington Road, Bedworth, was today (Monday 17 February) found guilty of murdering Daniel following a six-week trial at Warwick Crown Court.

On 4 May 2019, Daniel, who was 33 and also from Bedworth, went to Allison's house with another defendant, Scott Warner.

While they were there an argument ensued and Allison stabbed Daniel five times. Daniel died at the scene from a stab wound to the heart.

Following the attack Allison and Warner rolled Daniel up in a carpet and put him under the stairs.

John Allison exchanged texts with Toni Allison about the incident. Toni Allison disposed of her phone and she advised John to do the same in order to cover their tracks.

Police discovered Daniel's body the following day after his family raised concern for his safety.

John Allison handed himself in to police on 8 May following a wanted appeal. He denied murdering Daniel claiming he has accidentally stabbed him in self-defence.

However, today the jury found him guilty of Daniel's murder and he will be sentenced on 2 March 2020. He had previously pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.

Toni Allison, 34, of Springfield Crescent, Bedworth, was found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice. She will be sentenced on 2 March.

Scott Warner, 36, of Missing Oak Close, Bedworth, had previously pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice. He will be sentenced on 2 March.

Detective Chief Inspector Anna Middleton from Warwickshire Police Major Investigation Unit said: "This was shocking and appalling crime for which Allison has shown no remorse. We may never know exactly what happened in the moments leading up to this incident but we do know that following an altercation Allison stabbed Daniel five times. One of these wounds killed him.

"Where most decent people would have reported this horrific crime, Toni Allison and Scott Warner did everything they could to assist John Allison, cover his tracks and obstruct the police investigation.

"Our thoughts are with Daniel's family and friends who have lost a loved one in such terrible circumstances. I hope this sentence will go some way to helping them come to terms with his death."

**Statement from Daniel 's family:**

** **

"Danny was a well-loved person; by his family and friends. He was a fantastic son, brother and friend to many. The taking of Danny's life has left a huge hole in our lives that can never be filled. We are devastated by our loss and miss him greatly.

"He was our first born child and he has been taken from us in the most cruel and horrific way. Our lives will never be the same again, and we are struggling to move on without him. Danny was taking the first steps on the road to regaining his independence, and had already been through so much. This has now been snatched from him and he will now never have the chance to fulfil his goals, aspirations and dreams. He has missed out on meeting his first nephew and will never have the chance to be the uncle that he was so looking forward to being.

"We hope this never happens to any other family and that they don't have to suffer like we have. This is a real life representation of how devastating the consequences of knife crime are, and we as parents hope that this can be a lesson for others.

"We would like to thank our friends, family and Danny's close friends in the local community for their kindness and compassion. We would also like to thank Warwickshire Police for their ongoing help and support.

"Danny's family has asked that their privacy is respected and that they are left alone to grieve at this difficult time."

**Notes to editors:**

 * Bradley Matthew Gane, 40,of Braytoft Close, Coventry, was also on trial for assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice. He was today found not guilty.

 * Lee Williams, 28, of Beechwood Road, Bedworth, was also on trial for perverting the course of justice. He was today found not guilty.

**Issued:** **HCB, Corporate Communications**

Daniel Pitham

John Allison

##

Scott Warner

Toni Allison

DCI Anna Middleton discussing the case.
