```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man has been convicted of assaulting another man in Kenilworth.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'CORRECTION: Man jailed for assault in Kenilworth'
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/wanted-nuneaton-man-located/man-jailed-for-assault-in-kenilworth/
publish:
  date: 11:20 18/12/2020
title: 'CORRECTION: Man jailed for assault in Kenilworth | Warwickshire Police'
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/wanted-nuneaton-man-located/man-jailed-for-assault-in-kenilworth/
```

**CORRECTED: Please note correction below in bold.**

A man has been convicted of assaulting another man in Kenilworth.

Connor Ratcliffe ( _pictured left_ ), 25, of Water Tower Lane, Kenilworth was involved in a drunken disturbance with two other men in June next to the brook near Lawrence Gardens, Kenilworth.

When the victim - a man in his 40s - tried to calm them down, Ratcliffe threatened to push him in the brook before forcing him into bushes. As the victim attempted to stand up Ratcliffe punched him in the face causing a cut that required six stitches.

As the victim attempted to walk away another man, Connor Copsey ( _pictured centre_ ), 19, of Kew Close, Kenilworth kicked him in the leg.

The police arrived and arrested Copsey and Ratcliffe, and another man involved in the disturbance - 18-year-old Jake Lewis Simmons ( _pictured right_ ) of Grafton Close, Kenilworth.

Simmons caused damage to a police car as he was being arrested and assaulted a police officer.

On Wednesday (16 December) Ratcliffe was sentenced to a year in prison after pleading guilty to wounding and affray.

Copsey was given an 18 month community order and ordered to do 120 hours unpaid work after pleading guilty to affray, assault and possession of cannabis.

Simmons was given an 18 month community order and ordered to do 120 hours unpaid work after pleading guilty to **a public order offence** , criminal damage, assaulting an emergency worker and possession of cannabis.

Investigating officer, PC Kerri Baynham, said: "This was a shocking attack on a man who had intervened because this group were causing alarm to people in the local area and as a result Ratcliffe will spend time in prison.

"The arrest and conviction was the result of fast action of the responding officers, especially PC Analeyse Smith.

"This type of violent behaviour is totally unacceptable and we will continue to pursue anyone who behaves in such a way."

Posted by Sam Cook, Corporate Communications
