```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit has been named as a finalist in the \u2018Public Service Operator of the Year\u2019 category in the UK Logistics Awards 2020. The awards are the most prestigious in the sector which is at the heart of every part of the British economy and celebrate the companies and individuals who have made a significant contribution to the logistics and supply chain sectors."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit shortlisted in Logistics Awards 2020"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/warwickshire-polices-commercial-vehicle-unit-shortlisted-in-logistics-awards-2020/
publish:
  date: 10:39 11/09/2020
title: "Warwickshire Police\u2019s Commercial Vehicle Unit shortlisted in Logistics Awards 2020 | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/warwickshire-polices-commercial-vehicle-unit-shortlisted-in-logistics-awards-2020/
```

Warwickshire Police's Commercial Vehicle Unit has been named as a finalist in the 'Public Service Operator of the Year' category in the UK Logistics Awards 2020. The awards, now in their fourth year, are the most prestigious in the sector which is at the heart of every part of the British economy and celebrate the companies and individuals who have made a significant contribution to the logistics and supply chain sectors. The 2020 awards headline sponsor is Port of Dover, and also sponsored by Brigade, Coolkit and Logistics UK Recovery Service.

Warwickshire Police's entry will now be judged by members of the Logistics UK Board, which includes representatives from some of the country's most influential logistics businesses. The winners will be announced at a celebratory reception and gala dinner at Park Plaza Westminster Bridge, London on Thursday 10 December 2020. The glittering event, which has established itself as the pinnacle of recognition for the sector, will be hosted by BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker.

David Wells, Chief Executive of Logistics UK, the only business organisation representing all of the logistics industry, commented: "During the Covid-19 pandemic, our industry has been recognised by government - quite rightfully - as key to the ongoing success of the British economy and our 2020 awards will provide the ideal opportunity to acknowledge the extraordinary achievements of those working in our sector. These finalists represent the 'best of the best' of our sector; the businesses and individuals determined to keep Britain trading, both at home and overseas. They have been selected for their outstanding commitment, knowledge and expertise, and represent a wide range of UK companies across transport modes and business sectors.

"With a fantastic number of entrants this year, each shortlisted business had to fight off very tough competition to secure their place in the final line up, and those who scoop the top prizes will be truly at the top of their business games. They should be justly proud of the contribution they are making to both the logistics sector and wider UK economy. Logistics UK's Logistics Awards are now acknowledged as the blue riband event in the logistics industry's calendar; a unique chance to celebrate the achievements of one of the UK's most vital industries, all while enjoying a glittering gala dinner."

Sergeant Carl Stafford of Warwickshire Police's Commercial Vehicle Unit said "We are delighted to be named as a finalist in the 'Public Service Operator of the Year' category of the UK Logistics Awards 2020. As a relatively new and small team it is a huge honour to be selected as one of the 'best of the best'. We are grateful to the officers and staff including specials that support our many road safety operations on Warwickshire's roads, to Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner Philip Seccombe who has supported us through funding and to the many partners we work with, in particular Highways England, who provide the HGV supercab for Operation Tramline. "

Table bookings are now open for the 2020 Logistics Awards Gala Dinner. To find out more, and book your place at the event, please visit https://logistics.org.uk/events/logistics-awards

Efficient logistics is vital to keep Britain trading, directly having an impact on more than seven million people employed in the making, selling and moving of goods. With Brexit, new technology and other disruptive forces driving change in the way goods move across borders and through the supply chain, logistics has never been more important to UK plc. A champion and challenger, Logistics UK speaks to Government with one voice on behalf of the whole sector, with members from the road, rail, sea and air industries, as well as the buyers of freight services such as retailers and manufacturers.
