```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Over the weekend front line officers including Patrol, SNT, Vehicle Crime Teams and OPU have been helping make Warwickshire\u2019s roads safer for everyone this festive season by identifying and arresting drivers believed to be under the influence of drink or drugs."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police arrest more drink and drug drivers
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/warwickshire-police-arrest-more-drink-and-drug-drivers/
publish:
  date: 17:58 07/12/2020
title: Warwickshire Police arrest more drink and drug drivers | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/warwickshire-police-arrest-more-drink-and-drug-drivers/
```

Over the weekend front line officers including Patrol, SNT, Vehicle Crime Teams and OPU have been helping make Warwickshire's roads safer for everyone this festive season by identifying and arresting drivers believed to be under the influence of drink or drugs.

On Monday 7 December, a 20 year old man from **Coventry** was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of cannabis. He was arrested at 00.52hours after he was seen driving in **Kenilworth** and his vehicle was stopped by officers on London Road, Coventry. He has been released under investigation.

Following a single vehicle collision on Coventry Road, **Rugby** , causing damage to street furniture and the vehicle, police arrested a 27 year old man from Rugby at 00.45 hours on Sunday 6 December on suspicion of drink driving, driving whilst disqualified, aggravated vehicle taking, failing to stop, driving without insurance and obstructing a police officer.

The 27 year old had fled the crashed vehicle and shortly after was located in a taxi and requested to provide a specimen of breath. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

An 18 year old man from **Coventry** was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of cannabis at 10pm on Saturday 5 December on Rowley Road, **Baginton** after an alert PCSO spotted what they believed to be cannabis in the vehicle. Officers attended and he was arrested after a drug test. He has been released under investigation.

A 25 year old man from Badsey, **Evesham** , Worcestershire has been charged with drink driving. He was initially arrested at 15.30 on Saturday 5 December following a single vehicle collision in Tiddington Road, **Stratford-upon-Avon**. He is currently scheduled to appear at Warwickshire Magistrates Court in Leamington Spa at 11am on 22 December.

Officers stopped a vehicle being driven by a 28 year old woman from **Rugby** in Russelheim Way, Rugby after it is believed she was driving erratically. She was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, drink driving and child neglect and later charged and is currently scheduled to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates on 19 February 2021. (incident 419 of 4 December 2020)

Following a collision on the A429 near **Tredington** reported to police at 21.20 hours on Friday 4 December, a 29 man from **Shipston** has been arrested on suspicion of drink driving. He has since been released under investigation.

Following a three vehicle road traffic collision on Warwick Road, **Kenilworth** at 18.36 hours on Friday 4 December officers breath tested the drivers involved and a 37 year old woman from Kenilworth was arrested and later charged with drink driving. She is due to appear at Warwickshire magistrates court in Leamington Spa on 22 December.

A 41 year old man from **Leamington** was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of cocaine at 10.11 hours on Friday 4 December in Smith Street, **Warwick**. He was pulled over due to a faulty brake light and asked to provide a sample. He has been released under investigation.

Warwickshire Police is publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
