```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon, driving with excess drugs, possession of class B/C drugs and a traffic offence following a search by officers after a car was stopped in Rugby on Wednesday (2 December) as part of an ongoing policing operation.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ongoing police operation sees man arrested for drugs offences and weapon possession - Rugby
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/ongoing-police-operation-sees-man-arrested-for-drugs-offences-and-weapon-possession---rugby/
publish:
  date: 14:15 03/12/2020
title: Ongoing police operation sees man arrested for drugs offences and weapon possession - Rugby | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/ongoing-police-operation-sees-man-arrested-for-drugs-offences-and-weapon-possession---rugby/
```

A Rugby man has been arrested in the early hours of the morning as part of a proactive policing operation in the borough.

Officers stopped a VW Golf on Leicester Road shortly before 2.30am on Wednesday (2 December).

A search of the vehicle and driver was carried out and a bladed item was seized by officers along with two baseball bats. A quantity of cannabis was also recovered from the vehicle.

A 21-year-old man from was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon, driving with excess drugs, possession of class B/C drugs and a traffic offence.

He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Investigations are currently ongoing and we're appealing for anyone who saw any suspicious activity or who was in the area at the time to come forward.

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident 10 of 2 December.

The arrest comes as part of a continued operation to drive down knife crime within the borough.

Operation Spigot has seen officers patrol hotspot areas, carry out warrants and stop searches based on intelligence as well as supporting force-wide and national initiatives.

Police have also been engaging with the local community and encouraging them to report individuals carrying a knife as well as raising awareness among young people of the dangers of doing so.

In addition, officers have been seeking to educate potential victims, parents, teachers, and the community on knife crime as well as the wider issues it can affect such as drug use and exploitation.

Click here to find out more about Operation Spigot.

Anyone who has information about suspected knife crime in the borough should call 101 or report it online here

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
