```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Operation Spigot was launched back in October in a bid to tackle knife crime in Rugby borough. The operation, which has seen individuals being arrested on suspicion of possessing bladed articles and a number of weapons being removed from the streets, will continue over the Christmas period.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing operation to drive down knife crime in Rugby borough results in arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/policing-operation-to-drive-down-knife-crime-in-rugby-borough-results-in-arrests/
publish:
  date: 08:30 15/12/2020
title: Policing operation to drive down knife crime in Rugby borough results in arrests | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/policing-operation-to-drive-down-knife-crime-in-rugby-borough-results-in-arrests/
```

A proactive policing operation seeking to tackle knife crime in Rugby borough has resulted in numerous arrests in its first three months.

Operation Spigot was launched back in October following a number of incidents involving knives - particularly within the town centre - over the past 12 months.

Since the operation began, officers have been engaging with the community, patrolling hotspot areas, carrying out warrants and stop searches based on intelligence as well as supporting force-wide and national initiatives.

This has led to multiple individuals being arrested on suspicion of possessing bladed articles and a number of weapons being removed from the borough's streets.

Officers have also taken the opportunity to gather intelligence, which has helped to build a bigger picture of the type of people carrying knives and the wider issues knife crime has the potential to affect such as drug use and exploitation.

The operation will continue over the coming months with the team aiming to make arrests where appropriate, target individuals who may be susceptible to becoming involved in crime and educate the local community further about the dangers of knife crime.

Inspector Sally Bunyard-Spiers from Rugby's Safer Neighbourhood Teams said: "It's very encouraging to see how our approach to tackling knife crime has been received in the first few months.

"We will be continuing our drive to ensure Rugby borough remains a safe place to live and work.

"We should never be complacent as one incident where someone is injured by a knife is one too many and in recent years we have experienced the tragic consequences of what can happen when someone chooses to carry a knife in Rugby.

"We want to make it clear that carrying knives on our streets will not be tolerated. If someone is caught either carrying a knife or using one, we will strive to carry out a thorough investigation and where possible, ensure they are brought to justice."

Inspector Bunyard-Spiers added: "Knife crime affects the whole community - not only does it raise fear of crime, but if people see others carrying knives they think they should do the same, which increases the number of knives on the streets.

"We want to reassure the community we are doing everything we can to ensure people are aware of the risks of carrying a knife and I'd like to thank them for their continued support as we continue to tackle the issue.

"It's particularly important that young people understand the consequences of carrying or using a weapon and feel they have someone to talk to about their worries and concerns. I would urge parents and carers to talk openly to their children about the dangers of carrying knives and the life-changing consequences knife crime can have on them, their family and friends.

"We all have a duty to keep our communities safe and we're asking everyone to play their part in our ongoing bid to drive down the level of knife crime within the borough.

"It might not always be obvious if someone is carrying a knife but if you see someone doing so or acting suspiciously, please get in touch. A single call could save someone's life."

Anyone who has information about knife crime can contact the police online, by calling 101 or via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
