```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Former clergyman Joseph Quigley has today (29 January) been jailed for more than 11 years for non-recent child sex offences.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for non-recent child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-non-recent-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 12:28 29/01/2021
title: Man jailed for non-recent child sex offences | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-non-recent-child-sex-offences/
```

Former clergyman Joseph Quigley has today (29 January) been jailed for more than 11 years for non-recent child sex offences.

The 56-year-old, of Church Lane in Stone, Staffordshire was found guilty by a majority jury of four counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child, two counts of sexual assault, one count of child cruelty and two counts of false imprisonment following his trial at Warwick Crown Court on 3 December 2020. He was remanded in custody pending his sentencing.

The offences took place between 2006 and 2009 against one male victim in Warwick when he was aged between 14 and 16.

At the time the offences occurred, Quigley was working in a position of trust as a priest at a church in Warwick and as a private tutor.

Quigley has today been sentenced to 11 years and six months in prison and ordered to sign the sex offenders' register for life.

Following today's sentence, investigating officer Detective Sergeant Abigail Simpson from Warwickshire Police said: "I welcome today's sentence and hope this sends strong a message to other perpetrators of child sexual abuse that we will always thoroughly investigate sexual offences against children and do everything in our power to bring offenders to justice, regardless of when the offences took place.

"Thankfully Quigley is now behind bars paying the price for his reprehensible crimes committed against a vulnerable child.

"The victim in this case has demonstrated immense bravery in disclosing what happened to him, and I hope today's sentence offers some comfort and closure.

 "I would urge anyone who may have been a victim of sexual abuse to come forward and report this to us, regardless of when the abuse happened. We will always investigate offences of this nature and are committed to ensuring victims have the necessary support in place to help them."

Tamina Greaves of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said: "As a priest, Joseph Quigley used his position to commit depraved offences against the victim who trusted and respected him, and he abused that trust. The CPS built a compelling case against Mr Quigley that included witness testimonies and documentary evidence which also demonstrated he had a history of behaving inappropriately towards another young male. Despite the overwhelming evidence mounted against him, Quigley continued to deny any wrongdoing but was convicted by the jury. I would like to commend the victim and key witnesses for their bravery and support in helping the CPS bring this child abuser to justice."

Anyone who has been the victim of a sexual offence is encouraged to report the incident to police by calling 101, where specially trained officers will help victims with care and sensitivity, and will work to get the right result for them with their wishes in mind. Always call 999 in an emergency.

There are a number of services available to people affected by sexual offences in Warwickshire. Click here for more information.

Operation Hydrant was established in June 2014 to deliver the national policing response, oversight, and coordination of non-recent child sexual abuse investigations concerning persons of public prominence, or in relation to those offences which took place within institutional settings. They have launched an Adult Survivors Animation, which provides information to help inform the decision making of adult victims of child abuse who are thinking about making a report to the police, but are unsure of the process. The animation also signposts victims and survivors to support which is available. The video can be viewed here.

Notes to editor

Tamina Greaves is a Senior Crown Prosecutor at the CPS.

Posted by LK, Corporate Communications
