```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Detectives from Warwickshire Police\u2019s Major Investigation Unit have reopened an investigation into the death of a Bedworth man in 2002."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives reopen 2002 murder investigation following \u201Csignificant new lead\u201D"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/detectives-reopen-2002-murder-investigation-following-significant-new-lead/
publish:
  date: 10:06 07/10/2020
title: "Detectives reopen 2002 murder investigation following \u201Csignificant new lead\u201D | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/detectives-reopen-2002-murder-investigation-following-significant-new-lead/
```

Detectives from Warwickshire Police's Major Investigation Unit have reopened an investigation into the death of a Bedworth man in 2002.

The body of 26-year-old George Tweedie was discovered in a burnt out car in Buxton, Derbyshire on 7 May 2002.

Following enquiries, Derbyshire Police identified the body as that of Mr Tweedie and Warwickshire Police took over the murder investigation.

A post mortem established Mr Tweedie died following a blow to the head from what was believed to be a blunt instrument.

Three people were convicted of perverting the course of justice in connection with the death and served prison sentences; however, nobody has ever been convicted of killing Mr Tweedie.

A new line of enquiry has led to detectives reopening the investigation and they are appealing to the public for help.

Detective Inspector Teresa McKenna from Warwickshire Police Major Investigation Unit said: "As with all cold cases, we have kept this investigation under review. Now we have a significant new lead and have taken the decision to reopen it.

"Many people were spoken to as part of this investigation but we believe there may be evidence that was not disclosed to detectives.

"Nobody has ever been brought to justice for Mr Tweedie's death and his family have had to live with this for 18 years. For their sake, I would urge anyone with information that could help with our investigation, no matter how small, to make contact with us. Your information could be the missing piece of the jigsaw."

Anyone with information is urged to contact Warwickshire Police on 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
