```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: Man jailed for multiple burglaries across London.
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for multiple burglaries across London
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/template5/press-releases/man-jailed-for-multiple-burglaries-across-london/
publish:
  date: 14:53 23/10/2020
title: Man jailed for multiple burglaries across London | City of London Police
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/template5/press-releases/man-jailed-for-multiple-burglaries-across-london/
```

A prolific burglar, who has amassed 60 convictions and 147 offences, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for his most recent criminal activity.

Paul McKenna, 29, of no fixed abode, was jailed on Wednesday 21 October at Inner London Crown Court for breaking into several shops in the City and stealing cash from the tills. McKenna was also convicted for two other similar offences in Hackney, which falls under the Metropolitan Police Service jurisdiction.

 **Detective Constable Ufuk Ekbic, who led the investigation for the City of London Police, said:**

"McKenna is a habitual thief, not just in the City, but all across London. Thanks to some good work by our officers, who spotted him and quickly arrested him, he is now facing the consequences for his latest crimes.

"As well as bringing criminals to justice, we also aim to get the highest harm/most prolific offenders banned from the Square Mile. In this instance, McKenna has been banned from the City of London for five years."

McKenna broke into three different shops in as many weeks (27 August 2020, 1 September 2020 and 7 September 2020), a bakery, pharmacy and dry cleaners, and stole more than £1,000.

A few days after the third burglary, City of London Police officers spotted McKenna in the City, recognising him from CCTV footage, and quickly arrested him.

Due to his repeat offending, at the sentencing the judge granted a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) against McKenna, banning him from entering the Square Mile for five years, expect when passing through the City via the London Underground.
