```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: Two men have appeared in court after they cloned a bank card belonging to Nadine Dorries MP.
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Fraudsters appear in court after cloning MP\u2019s bank card to buy luxury clothes"
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/march/fraudsters-appear-in-court-after-cloning-mps-bank-card-to-buy-luxury-clothes/
publish:
  date: 19:04 24/03/2021
title: "Fraudsters appear in court after cloning MP\u2019s bank card to buy luxury clothes | City of London Police"
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/march/fraudsters-appear-in-court-after-cloning-mps-bank-card-to-buy-luxury-clothes/
```

Two men have appeared in court for fraud offences, after they cloned a bank card belonging to Nadine Dorries MP and attempted to buy over £2,000 worth of luxury clothing online.

The City of London Police launched their investigation in October 2019 after Ms Dorries made a report to Action Fraud of suspicious transactions on her bank statement. The transactions related to a clothing website which Ms Dorries had never visited. She was still in possession of her bank card when the transactions took place, and had granted no one else access to it.

Cory Chin, 24, of Palmerston Road, Walthamstow, was sentenced on Wednesday 24 March 2021 at Westminster Magistrates Court to a 12 month community order. He must also complete 120 hours unpaid work and pay costs of £175.

Korri Mclean, 30, of Rayfield, Epping, appeared before the same judge but was told he would be sentenced at Wood Green Crown Court at a later date, as he committed the offence whilst serving a suspended sentence.

Both men had previously pleaded guilty to fraud by false representation on Wednesday 24 February 2021.

Chin and Mclean conspired to commit fraud, cloning Ms Dorries' credit card and ordering a Canada Goose coat on the evening of Wednesday 16 October 2019 at the cost of £958\. In the early hours of Thursday 17 October, a second order was placed on the same site for a Moncler jacket worth £1,080. Both of these transactions were flagged as suspicious by the clothing website as it was not possible to verify the email address provided during the order. As a result, both orders were cancelled and no payment was taken.

Officers from the City of London Police's fraud team were able to identify the IP addresses from where both orders were made. The first order was made using an IP address relating to a residential broadband at the home address of Chin. The direct debit for this broadband was also being paid from a bank account in Chin's name. The second order was made using an IP address relating to a residential broadband at the home address of Mclean.

Police executed warrants at both properties on 13 November 2019, arresting Chin and seizing four mobile phones. Mclean was not present when the warrant was executed, but he was later arrested on Friday 15 November by Cheshire Constabulary, after they stopped his vehicle in Princess Street, Chester.

Evidence on Chin's devices showed 12 calls between him and Mclean on the days of the offences and seven the following day. There was also evidence of the conspiracy on their Snapchat conversation history, including a message from Mclean to Chin on 17 October that said "I TOLD YOU NADINE WOULD GET ME SOMETHING".

**Detective Constable Warren Joseph, from the City of London Police, said:**

"Today's result is a great example of the whole system coming together to tackle fraud effectively. Through the good work of the banks and the online retail industry to prevent suspicious transactions, the victim in this case is not out of pocket. Despite this, Ms Dorries, correctly, still made a report to Action Fraud, which meant we were able to track down those responsible for the offence and bring them before the courts."

 **Ms Nadine Dorries MP said:**

"This kind of sophisticated technology enabled theft can affect anyone and I am so grateful to the police for arresting these criminals."
