```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: PIPCU win awards for Excellence in Anti-Counterfeiting awards 2020
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PIPCU win awards for Excellence in Anti-Counterfeiting awards 2020
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/template3/pipcu/pipcu-win-awards-for-excellence-in-anti-counterfeiting-awards-2020/
publish:
  date: 13:22 06/07/2020
title: PIPCU win awards for Excellence in Anti-Counterfeiting awards 2020 | City of London Police
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/template3/pipcu/pipcu-win-awards-for-excellence-in-anti-counterfeiting-awards-2020/
```

# PIPCU win awards for Excellence in Anti-Counterfeiting awards 2020

Congratulations to the Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU), which has been granted two awards at this year's Anti-Counterfeiting Group (ACG) 'Awards for Excellence'.

The unit was awarded the Department Special Commendation Award, which is awarded to departments, teams or divisions in the police, customs (both HMRC and Border Force), government and/or overseas enforcement agencies, for their contribution to the anti-counterfeiting effort. PIPCU also won the Individual Special Commendation Award, which was awarded to DS Daryl Fryatt. This is awarded to an individual working in enforcement agencies such as police or customs and/or overseas agencies who has shown outstanding performance in tackling Intellectual Property (IP) crime.

The winners were selected by the ACG Awards Committee and the team and Daryl will be presented with the award in due course, when it is safe to do so.

The ACG works relentlessly with UK, EU and international Governments and law enforcement agencies to shape an effective deterrent to counterfeiting, to protect business and consumers from the increasing dangers of counterfeit goods and IP crime.

**Chief Superintendent Clinton Blackburn, Economic Crime Directorate, said:**

"I am delighted that the achievements of PIPCU have been recognised in this way. The award is extremely well deserved and demonstrates recognition of effective and high level performance, not only in how much they have achieved, but also the value of the close partnership between the different organisations in the team. Well done!"

**T/ Detective Chief Inspector, Nick Court, Head of the Police Intellectual Property Crime unit said:**

"I am extremely proud of all my team for this achievement, every member of the team works tirelessly to tackle IP crime, and both awards acknowledge all their hard work and dedication. A special mention to Daryl for the individual award, which is well deserved, specifically for his hard work with Op Blenheim*.

"The work we continue to do has far reaching national impact and we continue to work with our partners nationally and internationally to tackle IP crime and bring criminals to justice!"
