```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: City of London Police release image of man following incident of exposure
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: City of London Police release image of man following incident of exposure
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/august/appeals/city-of-london-police-release-image-of-man-following-incident-of-exposure/
publish:
  date: 09:26 06/08/2020
title: City of London Police release image of man following incident of exposure | City of London Police
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/august/appeals/city-of-london-police-release-image-of-man-following-incident-of-exposure/
```

On Tuesday 23 June 2020 at 1628hrs, two teenage girls boarded a route 8 bus at One New Change, EC4, and shortly after taking their seat on the upper deck, they were approached by a man who exposed himself and started masturbating in front of them.

The man was already on the bus when the girls boarded, having got on at 1617hrs at New Oxford Street, W1. He was sat on the lower deck, towards the rear of the bus, and followed them to the upper deck.

After this incident, he got off the bus at 1649hrs on Bethnal Green Road, at the junction of Pollard Row, E2.

The man is described as white, medium build, approximately 25-30 years old and was wearing a light blue bomber jacket with 'LA' on the left breast in red.

**Police Constable Shaun Wraight, who is leading the investigation for theCity of London Police, said:

**"This was a disgusting and vile act, targeting two young girls, who were understandably shocked and scared by the incident.

"We are appealing to anyone who may have information to assist us in identifying and catching this man as soon as possible, to prevent him from doing it again."

Anyone who has information that might assist us with our investigation should call 0207 601 2999, quoting 20000319345. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, via their website or by calling 0800 555 111.
