```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: 'WARNING: Police launch investigation into counterfeit baby carriers'
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'WARNING: Police launch investigation into counterfeit baby carriers'
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/Template/pipcu/real-gifts-for-real-love-pipcu-urges-shoppers-to-avoid-the-fakes-this-valentines/warning-police-launch-investigation-into-counterfeit-baby-carriers/
publish:
  date: 15:08 25/02/2021
title: 'WARNING: Police launch investigation into counterfeit baby carriers | City of London Police'
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/Template/pipcu/real-gifts-for-real-love-pipcu-urges-shoppers-to-avoid-the-fakes-this-valentines/warning-police-launch-investigation-into-counterfeit-baby-carriers/
```

The City of London Police's Intellectual Property Crime Unit have launched an investigation into counterfeit baby carriers being sold on eBay.

Officers have identified, and contacted, a number of customers who have already purchased fake _Ergobaby Omni 360 baby carriers,_ but are encouraging anyone else who may have unwittingly bought one of these counterfeit items to get in touch.

**T/Detective Inspector Kevin Ives, from the City of London Police 's Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU), said:**

"If you have purchased an Ergobaby carrier online, but not via the company's official website, you could be using a fake.

"A counterfeit item such as this could cause harm to you and your baby and it's important you stop using it immediately.

"If you think you've purchased one of these items, please call 101 and ask to be put through to the City of London Police."

 **An Ergobaby spokesperson said:**

"We greatly appreciate the City of London Police's assistance in stopping counterfeit Ergobaby carriers being sold. We know parents and carers want the best and safest products for their children, but counterfeit products can be dangerous and may cause harm as they are not verified by us, and therefore we cannot be sure that they adhere to our rigorous standards of quality and care. We use high quality, certified materials that are produced in independently inspected facilities which adhere to responsible work practices.

"Because of our uncompromised premium quality and construction, genuine Ergobaby carriers come with the ErgoPromise Guarantee, a 10-year warranty on any manufacturing or material defects, to ensure parents' peace of mind that their carrier is built to last. This dedication to excellence has led to our carriers winning numerous international product awards and health endorsements, only serving to make it more damaging when counterfeits try to deceive parents into believing their fake products are genuine Ergobaby products.

"We do our utmost to make sure parents are aware of the pitfalls of purchasing counterfeits and remind them that the safest way to ensure they are buying authentic products is by visiting our website and buying there, or through our authorised retailers. If anyone has any concerns that their product is not genuine then they can get in touch with us via our customer support team at customersupport@ergobaby.co.uk."

Further information can be found at: https://ergobaby.com/counterfeits
