```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: "Officers are asking for the public\u2019s help in identifying a man suspected of fraudulently demanding payment to administer fake Covid-19 vaccines."
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: DO YOU KNOW THIS MAN? Police appeal for information after elderly woman administered with fake covid-19 vaccine at own home and told to pay &#163;160
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/january/pipcu/do-you-know-this-man-police-appeal-for-information-after-elderly-woman-administered-with-fake-covid-19-vaccine-at-own-home-and-told-to-pay-160/
publish:
  date: 08:46 08/01/2021
title: DO YOU KNOW THIS MAN? Police appeal for information after elderly woman administered with fake covid-19 vaccine at own home and told to pay &#163;160 | City of London Police
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2021/january/pipcu/do-you-know-this-man-police-appeal-for-information-after-elderly-woman-administered-with-fake-covid-19-vaccine-at-own-home-and-told-to-pay-160/
```

The City of London Police's Intellectual Property Crime Unit are asking for the public's help in identifying a man suspected of fraudulently demanding payment to administer fake Covid-19 vaccines.

Officers have today (Friday 08 January 2021) released images of a man they wish to identify, after a 92 year old woman was visited at her home address on Kingsmead Avenue in Surbiton, London, and given a fake COVID-19 vaccine.

The man went to the address on Wednesday 30 December 2020, between 2:00pm and 3:00pm, and stated he was from the NHS and there to administer the COVID-19 vaccine. The victim allowed the man inside her home and was jabbed in the arm with what she described as a 'dart like implement'.

The man then asked for £160, which the victim paid as he said it would be reimbursed by the NHS, before leaving the premises. On Monday 4 January 2021, the same man attended the victim's address again, and asked for a further £100.

It is not yet known what substance, if any, was administered to the victim, but she was checked over at her local hospital and has suffered no ill effects following this encounter.

The man is described as white with a London accent, in his early thirties, 5ft 9 inches in height, medium build, with light brown hair that is combed back. On his second visit to the victim's address, he was wearing a navy blue tracksuit with white stripes down the side.

**Detective Inspector Kevin Ives from the City of London Police 's Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit said:**

** **

"This is a disgusting and totally unacceptable assault on a member of the public which won't be tolerated.

"We are appealing to anyone who may have information that could assist us in identifying this man to get in touch. It is crucial we catch him as soon as possible as not only is he defrauding individuals of money, he may endanger people's lives."

Anyone with information about the identity of this man, or CCTV or Dashcam footage from the area at the time of the incident, should call 101, quoting reference 3042 and the date 07 Jan 2021. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, via their website or by calling 0800 555 111, quoting the same reference.
