```yaml
area: City of London
og:
  description: Cyber Griffin Online Digital Services
  image: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/city-of-london/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cyber Griffin announces free digital services to meet challenging new online working conditions
  type: website
  url: https://colp.mpw.cds.co.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/April/press-releases/cyber-griffin/
publish:
  date: 12:17 29/04/2020
title: Cyber Griffin announces free digital services to meet challenging new online working conditions | City of London Police
url: https://www.cityoflondon.police.uk/news/city-of-london/news/2020/April/press-releases/cyber-griffin/
```

We are pleased to announce that our Cyber Griffin team have released a number of free digital services to meet the challenges of our current working conditions. COVID-19 is impacting many areas of our lives including our cyber security. We want you to be safe online and so have created the following new services to support you.

Home Working Videos Series - If you want to know how to work securely from home please check out the 'Home Working Video Series'. These bite-size videos are full of practical examples which will take you through how to keep yourself safe online. Whether you are an individual or a business, these videos are a perfect starting point you can use to help you take control of your security.

National Webinar Series - If you want a deeper dive into a particular topic please look through the national policing webinar series on cyber security. In this series, Regional Organised Cyber Units (ROCUs) will be taking it in turns to present key cyber security topics, live, each week. You will hear from the police and external experts as they go through a range of the most relevant, and current, cyber security topics. There will also be time for you to pose your own questions and to hear from other attendees.

Cyber Griffin digital services - For people and businesses in the Square Mile, your local team (Cyber Griffin) has created digital versions of the services it has always provided. If you want briefings, incident response training, or work with us on an assessment of your companies cyber capability, please go to our website where there is a full description of each service. These services are all free and can be requested via the website. The team look forward to hearing from you.
