```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-18T13:27+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-18T13:27+00:00
og:
  description: The statue was pulled from its plinth and rolled into Bristol harbour on Sunday, 7 June during a demonstration.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200619165645/Statue-face.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Update issued in Colston statue criminal damage investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-18T13:27+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/update-issued-in-colston-statue-criminal-damage-investigation/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:27 on 18th September 2020
title: Update issued in Colston statue criminal damage investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/update-issued-in-colston-statue-criminal-damage-investigation/
```

The statue of Edward Colston

Our investigation into the criminal damage caused to a statue of Edward Colston in Bristol has concluded.

The statue was pulled from its plinth and rolled into Bristol harbour on Sunday, 7 June during a Black Lives Matter demonstration.

It was later recovered from the water by Bristol City Council and assessed to have £3,750 worth of damage.

A 25-year-old man was subsequently arrested while seven men and a woman were asked to attend a police station for a voluntary interview.

Following a review of the evidence, detectives will now approach the Crown Prosecution Service for a charging decision against four people – three men, aged 32, 25 and 21, and a 29-year-old woman.

The remaining five people – men aged 18, 20, 29, 33 and 47 – have been identified as suitable for an out of court disposal and we have written to them to offer a conditional caution for the offence of causing criminal damage to property valued under £5,000. Those offered the conditional caution have been given a week to decide whether they want to accept it. Should any of them choose not to accept, officers will approach the CPS to seek a charging decision to be made.

**The conditions of the caution are:**

 * To complete a questionnaire from the History Commission set up by Bristol City Council, in which they can set out their reasons for their actions, as well as their concerns and thoughts going forward.

 * To pay a fine of £100 which will be collected by HMCTS and sent to Nilaari, a Bristol based charity supporting BAME communities. This is the maximum fine which can be issued as part of a conditional caution for this particular offence.

 * To take part in two hours of environmental improvement works arranged and supervised by Bristol City Council. This may include, but not limited to, painting or the removal of rubbish/graffiti.
