```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-08T08:58+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-04T08:14+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5221041588'
og:
  description: We&rsquo;re appealing for witnesses to an assault which happened in Bristol on Friday 26 February.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191217142517/Can-you-help-radio-1.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Witness appeal following assault on Portway, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-08T08:58+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/witness-appeal-following-assault-on-portway-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 08:14 on 4th March 2021
title: Witness appeal following assault on Portway, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/witness-appeal-following-assault-on-portway-bristol/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses to an assault which happened in Bristol on Friday 26 February.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was cycling on the Portway near the Bridge Valley Road traffic lights at about 4.40am when he was pushed over railings onto the river embankment by another cyclist, causing him to suffer minor injuries.

The offender failed to offer any help to the victim and left the scene a short while later. The victim was able to get back up onto the pathway and approach a member of the public for help.

The offender is described as a white man in his late 20s, around 5ft 10ins, with a light brown beard, light brown hair, of skinny build. He was wearing clear glasses, a black beanie hat, black Levi jeans, and grey work boots with a green stripe.

His bike is described as a light grey road bike with drop handle bars, with one of the peddles broken in half.

Police are keen to trace the member of the public approached by the victim. They would also like to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident, or any drivers that could hold dashcam footage of what happened.

If you can help, call 101, quoting reference number 5221041588.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5221041588 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
