```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-01-22T16:08+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-01-22T16:08+00:00
og:
  description: A dozen people have now been arrested as part of the ongoing investigation&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200422112141/Arrest-made.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Further arrests over rave last summer near Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-01-22T16:08+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/01/further-arrests-over-rave-last-summer-near-bath/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:08 on 22nd January 2021
title: Further arrests over rave last summer near Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/01/further-arrests-over-rave-last-summer-near-bath/
```

Two more people have been arrested in connection with an illegal rave at the former Charmy Down airfield near Bath last summer.

A 22-year-old man from Bridgwater and a 33-year-old man from Clevedon were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to cause a public nuisance. Both have been released under investigation so further enquiries can take place.

This brings the total number of people arrested in connection with this investigation to 12, with three others interviewed voluntarily.

The event caused widespread disruption overnight Saturday 18 July into the following day. Enquiries are ongoing and we are still appealing for anyone with information which could assist our inquiry to contact us on 101, giving the call handler the reference number 5220160383.

We also want to continue to urge the public to look out for the signs of unlicensed music events setting up, so we can stop these events before they start.

#### The signs can include:

 * promotion on social media
 * vans unloading sound equipment
 * more and more people gathering

If you see anything suspicious call 101 straight away with as much information as you can about the people and vehicles involved.

Officers especially urge farmers and landowners (urban or rural) to review their security measures – you can contact your neighbourhood team for advice on 101.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
