```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-10T12:58+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-10T12:58+00:00
og:
  description: Last chance to identify dozens of suspected stolen items&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200310115753/Property-page.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Renewed appeal to identify the owners of recovered bicycles and tools | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-10T12:58+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/renewed-appeal-to-identify-the-owners-of-recovered-bicycles-and-tools/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:58 on 10th July 2020
title: Renewed appeal to identify the owners of recovered bicycles and tools | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/renewed-appeal-to-identify-the-owners-of-recovered-bicycles-and-tools/
```

Gallery of recovered property

We're reissuing our appeal in a final bid to identify the rightful owners of a number of suspected stolen bikes and tools seized in January.

Since we published a dedicated online gallery of items in March the owners of more than 20 items have been confirmed. Now is the time to check the gallery and contact us, if you haven't already.

Officers seized a haul of 125 push bikes and frames and more than 60 other items, mainly power tools, from an address in Hanham, but were at first only able to identify 11 bikes as stolen.

This was because many people don't record the serial number and description of their bikes or tools and don't mark them to make them identifiable. We know that some people don't even bother reporting such thefts. This seizure shows it's always worth reporting, as well as the benefits of property recording and marking.

If you recognise an item as yours we want to hear from you - even if you've claimed on your insurance and replaced it. Your statement could help us build a case to take to court.

A man arrested in connection with the seizure remains released under investigation while these enquiries continue.

Some of the identified bikes were taken from Bradley Stoke, Bristol and Weston-Super-Mare in thefts dating back several years. However we believe some of the bikes and tools could have been stolen from Bath and North East Somerset, South Gloucestershire, Somerset, Wiltshire and Gloucestershire.

The recovered mountain bikes and racing bikes include Beone, Boardman, Cannondale, Carrera, Cube, Giant, GT, Marin, Orange, Orbea, Planet X, Specialized, Trek and Whyte makes.

The power tools include Bosch, Hilti, Husqvarna, Makita, Stanley, Snap-on and Stihl.

Check if your stolen items are among the collection.

If you identify an item, you'll then need to submit a short form with your contact details and proof of ownership/purchase. Over the next few months officers will arrange the return of the property, once the items are no longer needed as evidence.

Avon and Somerset Police take burglary very seriously and are committed to identifying, apprehending and bringing burglars to justice, and where possible returning stolen goods to their original owners.

**You can make it harder for thieves to steal your bikes and easier for police officers to identify property as stolen:**

 * where possible, securely store your bicycles in your home. If this isn’t possible, ensure they are kept in a secure outbuilding such as an alarmed and locked shed or garage
 * always lock your bicycles to something immovable like a wall or floor anchor or a railing.
 * double lock your bikes using two quality locks, at least one of which is a D-Lock.
 * get your bikes and tools security marked and registered at www.BikeRegister.com
 * record the details of your bicycles and tools including noting the frame or serial number and take photos including any distinctive marks

Visit our online gallery to check if your stolen bike or tools are there and fill in the form on the page to claim it.
