```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-15T16:09+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-15T15:59+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220174041'
og:
  description: Lawrence Kemp, from Glastonbury, was last seen in Chilkwell Street on Sunday 2 August.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200805193856/Lawrence-Kemp_web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Renewed appeal for information to find missing Lawrence Kemp | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-15T16:09+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/renewed-appeal-for-information-to-find-missing-lawrence-kemp/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:59 on 15th August 2020
title: Renewed appeal for information to find missing Lawrence Kemp | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/renewed-appeal-for-information-to-find-missing-lawrence-kemp/
```

Lawrence Kemp

We're continuing to seek information about Lawrence Kemp from Glastonbury who was reported missing almost a fortnight ago.

The 32-year-old from Glastonbury was last in contact with his family late on Saturday 1 August.

The last confirmed sighting of him was in the early hours of Sunday 2 August in Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury, when he was wearing a blue checked shirt, over a pale blue T-shirt. He was reported missing the following day.

He left home without his wallet, bank cards or cash and his disappearance is out-of-character.

Lawrence is 32 years old, white, about 170cm (5ft 8ins) tall and slim with a shaven head and a bushy brown beard. He has a tattoo on his right forearm and a tongue piercing.

Temporary Detective Inspector Katherine Paul said: "We believe Lawrence has been using a red and black road bike, which has a slim frame and curved handlebars. It is said to have been fitted with thin Schwalbe Marathon Plus, so it can be ridden off road as well.

"Lawrence is known to cycle to local wooded areas and beauty spots including Glastonbury Tor and Coombe Hill Woods near Street, as well as areas such as Compton Dundon.

"We'd ask Lawrence to get in touch if he should see this appeal. Likewise we'd urge anyone who has seen Lawrence, or an abandoned bike matching his, to come forward."

If you see Lawrence, please call 999 and give crime reference number **5220174041**. Alternatively if you have any information that could assist with our enquiries, call 101 and use the same reference.
