```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-11T14:02+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-11T14:02+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220267046'
og:
  description: We want to hear from you if you have any information which could help&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200611114142/Can-you-help-hat.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal after home burgled in just 35 minutes &#x2d; Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-11T14:02+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/appeal-after-home-burgled-in-just-35-minutes-bath/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:02 on 11th December 2020
title: Appeal after home burgled in just 35 minutes &#x2d; Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/appeal-after-home-burgled-in-just-35-minutes-bath/
```

We're appealing for information after a house in Bath was burgled while the family were out for just 35 minutes.

It happened in Symes Park on Thursday 26 November. The householder called police on returning home to find their front door forced at about 6.45pm.

Two watches were stolen - an Omega Speedmaster and a Tag Heuer and we're keen to hear from anyone who has been offered such watches for sale in suspicious circumstances.

Also taken were jewellery boxes which were found dumped in the open area of Lansdown Lane by members of the public and handed in.

We'd like to hear from you if you saw anyone acting suspiciously in Symes Park between 5.30pm and 7pm on 26 November. We also want to talk to you if you saw the recovered items being dumped on Lansdown Lane or spotted any suspicious vehicles in the area.

##### **To help to keep your home and belongings safe, follow these steps:**

 * Make sure all doors and windows are closed and locked, if you’re not in the room, before you go out and before you go to bed. Set the alarm if you have one
 * Always double-lock uPVC doors using the key as well as lifting the handle
 * Ideally keep jewellery with a secure storage company, as thieves have been known to steal whole safes. If you do use a safe make sure you invest in a good quality one that’s professionally fitted and mounted to a solid wall or floor
 * Take photos of your valuables and write a short description of each one
 * Mark your jewellery with a forensic security liquid
 * Don’t keep large amounts of cash in your home. Store it in a bank, building society or post office account
 * Install burglar alarms and CCTV
 * Join Neighbourhood Watch

Always report any suspicious activity as it happens by calling 101. Remember to pass on vehicle details and descriptions. If you think a crime is underway, it’s always 999.

Visit our home security page for more advice.

If you have any dashcam or smart doorbell footage or other information which could help, call 101 quoting reference 5220267046.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
