```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-11-11T11:14+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-11-11T11:14+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220224672'
og:
  description: Do you recognise these men?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201111111143/AppleGreen-petrol-station-cctv2.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following sexual assault in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-11-11T11:14+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/cctv-appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:14 on 11th November 2020
title: CCTV appeal following sexual assault in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/cctv-appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-bristol/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Bristol.

At about 9.15pm on Saturday 3 October, the victim – a woman in her 30s – was approached by two men as she crossed the Berkeley Road junction near the Applegreen petrol station on Gloucester Road.

One of the men attempted to kiss her and touched her inappropriately before pursuing her as she ran away towards Egerton Road.

The victim was unharmed but left shaken by the incident.

Police would like to talk to anyone that witnessed what happened and are particularly keen to hear from two members of the public who intervened to help the victim get away.

They would also like to speak to two men seen in CCTV footage in connection with the assault.

They are described as:

1\. A white man in his late 20s with long black hair, about 5 ft 10 in tall and of slim build. He was wearing dark clothing and black knee high boots with metal buckles.

2\. A white man in his late 20s with short curly brown hair, around 5ft 11 in tall, wearing brown trousers.

If you recognise them or have any information that could assist police with their inquiry, please call 101 quoting crime reference number 5220224672.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220224672 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
