```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-22T14:52+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-22T14:52+00:00
og:
  description: Were you in the Ashley Road or City Road area of St Paul&#039;s between 5.40pm and 6pm on Friday evening? If you were we&#039;d like to hear from you.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112039/Crest-1.jpg.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Further arrest made in ongoing murder enquiry in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-22T14:52+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/further-arrest-made-in-ongoing-murder-enquiry-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:52 on 22nd June 2019
title: Further arrest made in ongoing murder enquiry in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/further-arrest-made-in-ongoing-murder-enquiry-in-bristol/
```

There are 3 related updates to this story

 * 25 Jun 2019: Victim named in Bristol murder investigation
 * 23 Jun 2019: Teenager charged with murder following death of a man in Bristol
 * 21 Jun 2019: Murder enquiry launched after death of a man in Bristol

A further arrest has been made as part of the ongoing investigation into a murder in Bristol yesterday (Friday June 21).

In the early hours of today, a 14-year old boy was arrested in connection with the incident in which a man suffered fatal stab wounds at the junction of Ashley Road and City Road in St Paul’s just before 6pm yesterday.

“We are working really hard to fully understand the circumstances of this tragic incident.

“We’ve already spoken to lots of people and we want to thank the local community for their support.

“We have made two arrests but we’re still trying to build a picture of what happened leading up to the incident.

“Ashley Road and City Road are both very busy commuter routes just before 6pm on a Friday evening. It is also an area with lots of residential properties.

“We know there were probably people in nearby properties or people walking and driving through these roads that could have key information that will help with our investigation.

“Our plea is for you to come forward and talk to us if you were in the area and you haven’t already spoken with a police officer.

“Even the smallest bit of information could be significant so if you were near Ashley Road, Lower Ashley Road or City Road between 5.40pm and 6pm we would like to hear from you. Please call us on 101 and quote the reference number 5219139586.

“We would also like to thank residents for their patience while roads in their neighbourhood are closed off to allow investigations take place at the scene. We are doing our best to ensure that we get those roads open as soon as possible.”

We were first called at around 5.50pm to reports of a serious assault at the junction of Ashley Road and City Road.

On arrival a man was found in critical condition after suffering a stab wound. The air ambulance and paramedics attended but sadly the man was pronounced dead just before 6.30pm.

A man in his 20s was also arrested near the scene yesterday in connection with the incident but has since been released with no further action to be taken against him.

If you have any information that you think may help please call 101 and use reference number 5219139586 when you talk to the call handler.
