```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-10T12:25+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-10T12:25+00:00
og:
  description: Terence Brown&#039;s offending spanned more than 30 years.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112039/Terence-Brown-website-image.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Henbury man jailed for sexual offences against two victims | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-10T12:25+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/henbury-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences-against-two-victims/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:25 on 10th June 2019
title: Henbury man jailed for sexual offences against two victims | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/henbury-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences-against-two-victims/
```

Terence Brown

A Henbury man has been jailed for more than 14 years for committing sexual offences against two victims.

The offending spanned more than 30 years and started when the victims were both children.

Terence Brown, 86, of Tormarton Crescent, was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court today (June 10) to 14 years and three months after pleading guilty to two counts of rape, two counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual assault.

Investigating officer DC Matthew Gaunt said: “We started an investigation in October 2017 when one of the victims contacted us to report the offences committed against her.

“A second woman then came forward to disclose what happened to her.

“Both victims have shown incredible bravery which has directly resulted in a very manipulative sexual offender being jailed today.

“They were concerned about coming forward because the offences began in the 1970s. They thought this, combined with Brown’s age, meant he would not be investigated and brought to justice.

“Brown has committed the most serious offences over several decades but is now facing justice for the untold damage he’s caused. I hope this outcome encourages other victims of abuse to come forward. Even if offences have been committed years ago, we can and will investigate them thoroughly.”

If you’ve been a victim of sexual abuse, recent or non-recent, you don’t have to speak to the police. You can self-refer to The Bridge, a Sexual Assault Referral Centre available 24/7 365 days a year. Visit their website at thebridgecanhelp.org.uk or call 0117 342 6999.

​You can also visit thisisnotanexcuse.org for details of charities and organisations who are experts in supporting victims of sexual offences.
