```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-13T11:36+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-13T11:36+00:00
og:
  description: Former officer PC Adrian &#039;Adge&#039; Secker collected his British Empire Medal on Friday.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112125/PC-Adge-Secker.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Former Bath officer given British Empire Medal | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-13T11:36+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/former-bath-officer-given-british-empire-medal/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:36 on 13th May 2019
title: Former Bath officer given British Empire Medal | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/former-bath-officer-given-british-empire-medal/
```

Former officer PC Adge Secker receiving his British Empire Medal.

PC Adrian (Adge) Secker, has been awarded a British Empire Medal (BEM) for his outstanding services to policing and the community in this year’s Queen's New Year's Honours.

Adge, until recently, was a response officer based in Bath, North Somerset and had become a well-known and respected figure in the community. He was also a valued Federation Representative, advising and safeguarding his colleagues in Avon and Somerset Police.

Adge spent the majority of his career working in Bristol and Bath, dedicating himself to duties either in response or neighbourhood policing. Adge had served 30 years and retired from the service earlier this year.

As a Neighbourhood Officer in Bath, he worked with a large deaf community, taking it upon himself to learn British sign language so that he could communicate with everybody in his communities. He was also the force liaison officer for the deaf community and provided support to the charity Action on Hearing Loss. He has also led the Bath Police Cadets, dedicating much of his own time and expertise by working with young people from his communities.

The British Empire Medal

On Friday 10 May, Adge, along with members of his family and Andy Roebuck, Chair of Avon and Somerset Police Federation, attended a ceremony where he was presented with his much deserved award by the Lord-Lieutenant of Somerset, Annie Maw.

Adge said: "To be awarded a British Empire Medal was a wonderful way to finish my 30-year police career. The award may have my name on it but it is also for my wife Tara, my kids Harry and Isabel, and my mum Pam. Because without their support over the years I would not have been able to do the things I’ve done and achieved. To be the only Fed rep to be honoured is especially pleasing as the PFEW was extremely important to me throughout my time as a police officer. So to have my force chairman present at my investiture was very important."
