```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-01T10:41+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-01T10:41+00:00
og:
  description: Caravan handed back to terminally-ill man&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112131/recovered-caravan-e1556707021891.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Stolen caravan returned | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-01T10:41+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/stolen-caravan-returned/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:41 on 1st May 2019
title: Stolen caravan returned | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/stolen-caravan-returned/
```

PC Ross Calderwood returns the caravan to Lesley and Leslie Collison

We have recovered a caravan stolen from a terminally-ill man.

The 64-year-old was storing his caravan while he underwent treatment for cancer. Thieves took it from a field behind the Plough in Pilning in November last year.

At the time Neighbourhood PC Ross Calderwood appealed for information and said: “The family have been using the caravan to get away and create memories and this theft has been devastating for them."

Now he’s been able to hand the caravan back.

Leslie Collison said: "The theft was a huge blow and a loss to us at the time. I'm unable to work due to my illness and the caravan was our bolt hole. We're delighted to get it back after months of frustration and upset."

Mr Collison, of Westbury-on-Trym, described PC Calderwood's commitment and dedication to the investigation as "nothing short of fantastic".

PC Calderwood said: "I'm delighted to have been able to track down and return the caravan which means so much to Mr and Mrs Collison. I sincerely hope they are now able to enjoy it."

The caravan is missing various parts and equipment, such as the battery, water pump and gas bottles, but Mr Collison is looking forward to getting it all up together. He and his wife now plan to use it to get away and go to music festivals.

The caravan was found in Avonmouth in April. Enquiries continue in relation to the theft.
