```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-01-03T11:32+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-01-02T13:20+00:00
og:
  description: A 15-year-old was wounded in Downend Road at about 12.20pm on New Year&#039;s Day.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200223144733/Scene-tape.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal for information after teenager injured on New Year&#8217;s Day | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-01-03T11:32+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/01/appeal-for-information-after-teenager-injured-in-fishponds-on-new-years-day/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:20 on 2nd January 2021
title: Appeal for information after teenager injured on New Year&#8217;s Day | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/01/appeal-for-information-after-teenager-injured-in-fishponds-on-new-years-day/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 03 Jan 2021: Two men arrested after stabbing in Fishponds

Detectives are investigating an assault on a teenager in Bristol that occurred yesterday afternoon (Friday 1 January).

At approximately 12.20pm, two males carrying weapons approached a 15-year-old boy riding a scooter in the Downend Road area of Fishponds. The teenage victim sustained a number of stab wounds and the pair fled the scene.

He remains in hospital but his injuries are not considered to be life-threatening or life-changing.

CCTV enquiries are ongoing.

Acting Detective Inspector Mark Newbury said: "We are keen to hear from any witnesses who were in the area at that time, or drivers who potentially may have useful dashcam footage.

"Thankfully incidents of this nature are rare, but we're conscious a similar assault occurred in Bristol city centre in which a 17-year-old was injured on New Year's Eve. He remains in hospital but his condition is also not believed to be life-threatening.

"At this time the two incidents are separate investigations but we are keeping an open mind as to whether they may be linked.

"Our neighbourhood teams are aware and additional patrols will be carried out as a precaution."

Witnesses to the incident in Downend Road should call 101 and give reference number 5221000288.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
