```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-01T11:10+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-01T11:10+00:00
og:
  description: Closure order granted against address used for drug activity&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112020/20190626_200849-e1561980651615.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Closure order granted against address used for drug activity | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-01T11:10+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/closure-order-granted-against-address-used-for-drug-activity/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:10 on 1st July 2019
title: Closure order granted against address used for drug activity | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/closure-order-granted-against-address-used-for-drug-activity/
```

A court has granted closure for a property in Highbridge for a period of 3 months to disrupt local drug activity.

The property on Ladd Close, Highbridge was used as a base for local drug activity and was a hotspot for anti-social behaviour.

A recent drug warrant executed had found drugs, paraphernalia and weapons in the address where the occupants were arrested for drug offences. The closure order was granted at North Somerset Magistrates' Court on 26 June 2019

Cerwyn Pritchard, Anti-Social Behaviour Co-ordinator who led the investigation on behalf of Avon and Somerset Police, said: “We welcome the court’s decision to grant this closure order. Anti-social behaviour significantly impacts people’s quality of life.”

“Working very closely with the housing association LiveWest who supported our closure application, we sought possession of this property in order to prevent any further anti-social behaviour in this neighbourhood. The conduct of this resident has had a detrimental effect on the health and wellbeing of their neighbours, to the point where some felt afraid to continue living a normal life in the area. Many neighbours were often too afraid of reprisals to come forward as witnesses, so we would like to convey our gratitude to the anonymous witnesses who bravely came forward to take a stand against the anti-social behaviour where they live. Their statements were vital in allowing us to take action against this resident.

“The use and supply of drugs from an address can have a huge negative impact on those living nearby due to the anti-social behaviour that invariably comes with this type of criminality. The closure sets a clear reminder to members of the community that if they tell us about issues they will be dealt with to improve their quality of life in the area they live and work in.

“This will hopefully send a message clear message to people that are allowing drug dealers to operate or use their address that it will not be tolerated and action will be taken against them."

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
