```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-14T17:17+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-14T17:17+00:00
og:
  description: A second property is being searched as a precaution in Portishead.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112132/Twitter-ASPolice-Crest-and-Blue-Lights-Image-Post-728x409px.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Further update on Worle incident | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-14T17:17+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/further-update-on-worle-incident/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 18:17 on 14th May 2019
title: Further update on Worle incident | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/further-update-on-worle-incident/
```

There are 3 related updates to this story

 * 15 May 2019: Update on investigation following incident in Worle
 * 15 May 2019: Update on searches following incident in Worle
 * 14 May 2019: Update on investigation into Worle incident

Enquiries into an incident in Worle earlier today are continuing and two men, aged 20 and 21, remain under arrest on suspicion of causing an explosion.

The arrests follow an incident in the Appletree Court area in which members of the public heard two loud bangs at around 4.30am today.

Experts from the Army’s Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit (EOD) located a small device but confirmed it posed no ongoing risk to the public. The incident is not being treated as terrorism or domestic terrorism related.

A small lane in Appletree Court, where the device was found, was closed while we carried out enquiries but the lane has now been re-opened.

We’re now carrying out a precautionary search of a second property in the Forth Avenue area of Portishead which is directly linked to this morning’s incident. We do not believe there is any risk to the wider public and we’ll continue to work with our emergency service colleagues and the EOD as our inquiry progresses.

DI Rich Horsfall, investigating officer, said: “We appreciate that there has been a lot of disruption and inconvenience for those living in some of our North Somerset communities today and I’d like to thank people for their continuing support.

“Our investigation is progressing and two people remain under arrest.

“We’ll continue to make every effort to keep disruption to a minimum. Our priority will always be public safety and with that in mind, we have to take precautionary measures when dealing with investigations such as this one.”

Neighbourhood officers will continue to patrol areas impacted by today’s incident to provide additional reassurance.
