```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-02T14:09+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-02T14:06+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220249939'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201202140242/CCTV_collage_5220249939.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV images issued in burglary appeal &#x2d; Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-02T14:09+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-images-issued-in-burglary-appeal-bath/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:06 on 2nd December 2020
title: CCTV images issued in burglary appeal &#x2d; Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-images-issued-in-burglary-appeal-bath/
```

We're issuing CCTV images and appealing for witnesses and information after a burglary at a flat in Marlborough Buildings, Bath between 4.30pm and 6.15pm on Wednesday 4 November.

The burglar forced the key safe and used a key to get into the building. The door of one of the flats was forced and the property searched but nothing taken apart from post from the communal hallway.

We've carried out house-to-house and CCTV enquiries and Crime Scene Investigators have examined the property.

Officers want to hear from anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area, or who has any dashcam footage which could help.

We want to trace the man pictured above, who was in the area at the time. While he's wearing a mask and a baseball cap, someone may remember seeing him.

We're also especially interested to hear from anyone who noticed the occupants of this car seen in the area, which was on false plates. It's a grey/gold Land Rover Discovery Sport with black wheels.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220249939 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
