```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-24T13:06+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-24T13:06+00:00
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed following a series of robberies in the Radstock area last year.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112026/Hunt-and-Symes.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two face 10 years behind bars following Radstock robberies | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-24T13:06+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-face-10-years-behind-bars-following-radstock-robberies/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:06 on 24th June 2019
title: Two face 10 years behind bars following Radstock robberies | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-face-10-years-behind-bars-following-radstock-robberies/
```

Pictured: Jamie Hunt (left) and Jesse Symes (right)

Two men have been jailed following a series of robberies in the Radstock area last year.

Jesse Symes, aged 39 of no fixed address and Jamie Hunt, aged 24, of Jubilee Road, Radstock, were jailed for a total of more than 10 years at Bristol Crown Court.

The court was told that between 23 November and 9 December last year, Norwest Bowling Club was broken into on three occasions, with DNA found which linked the offenders to the break-in.

On December 10, less than a mile from the bowling club, a property in the Westfield area was broken into and the 68-year-old disabled occupant was threatened with a knife. A debit card, laptop and a large amount of cash was taken.

On December 12 paramedics attended an incident in Midsomer Norton regarding Symes and Hunt. Hunt obstructed officers and left the scene but was later stopped and searched by officers and discovered a large hunting knife, smaller lock knife and a large amount of cash.

On the 28 May the pair admitted their offences. Hunt admitted charges of robbery and possession of a bladed article and Symes admitted the charge of robbery, while a third man Ian Sams (aged 22) of Bryant Avenue, Westfield admitted two counts of acquiring criminal property.

At Bristol Crown Court, Hunt was sentenced to a total of six years and nine months while Symes was jailed for four years and Sams received a 12 month community order.

Investigating officer DC Gavin Deegan said “We were very pleased with the decision of the court today in jailing these two men for a total of 10 years.

“Their punishment reflects the seriousness with which the court viewed the offences committed.”
