```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-21T09:29+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-21T09:29+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219237409'
og:
  description: The incident happened in Moorland Way, Bridgwater, on Sunday 6 October&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111855/Police-appeal-officers-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Hate crime against 11&#x2d;year&#x2d;old boy under investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-21T09:29+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/hate-crime-against-11-year-old-boy-under-investigation/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:29 on 21st October 2019
title: Hate crime against 11&#x2d;year&#x2d;old boy under investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/hate-crime-against-11-year-old-boy-under-investigation/
```

We're appealing for witnesses after an 11-year-old boy was assaulted and verbally abused in an incident we're treating as racially motivated.

The assault happened at about 8pm on Sunday 6 October in Moorland Way, Bridgwater. The incident was reported to us on Sunday 13 October.

The offender punched the victim in the head and he was then kicked to the floor, while being verbally abused.

PC Jennifer Atkinson said: "This is a worrying incident in which a young boy has been attacked and verbally abused. We're treating this as a hate crime due to the words used by the offender during the attack.

"The victim suffered bruising but thankfully no serious injuries. We've referred him to our Lighthouse Safeguarding Unit, so we can make sure that he and his family get all the help and support they need as the criminal investigation progresses.

"This happened in a residential area in the early evening so we'd ask anyone who saw all or part of this assault to come forward."

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219237409 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
