```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-28T16:51+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-24T12:23+00:00
og:
  description: The total number of people arrested in connection with Sunday&#039;s disorder is now nine.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20210324125337/Crimewatch-Roadshow-image.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Clear progress being made in investigation into violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-28T16:51+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/clear-progress-being-made-in-investigation-into-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:23 on 24th March 2021
title: Clear progress being made in investigation into violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/clear-progress-being-made-in-investigation-into-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
```

Ch Supt Carolyn Belafonte at the BBC Crimewatch Roadshow studios

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 23 Mar 2021: Images released as part of investigation into Bristol disorder

****Our image gallery has eight new images added to it as of 6pm 24-03-2021 - link below ****

Officers and staff are making clear progress as they continue to investigate violent disorder which broke out in Bristol city centre on Sunday.

Two further people, a 20-year-old man and a man currently refusing to provide details, have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and are in custody. This brings the total number of arrests so far to nine.

In addition, we are now investigating assaults on 40 officers and one member of the media **. Thankfully following a full medical assessment of the two officers taken to hospital, neither were found to have suffered confirmed broken bones.**

Since launching a dedicated form for members of the public to supply footage or give us information about those involved, we’ve had 210 submissions and a further 68 calls to our control room.

Ch Supt Carolyn Belafonte, who made an appeal on BBC’s Crimewatch Roadshow this morning, said: “As we said from the outset, this will be a substantial investigation which has the potential to be one of the largest in our history.

“The fact we’re investigating 40 assaults on officers and a member of the media as the result of one incident shows the scale of wanton disorder which took place that night.

“Through painstaking work to examine more than two terabytes worth of digital footage, we believe we’re making clear progress to identify those responsible and anticipate further images will be released soon to the online gallery we’ve set up.

“One of the people we believe we’ve already identified is a suspect in the fire which destroyed a mobile community police station.

“We’d like to thank every member of the public who’s got in touch to provide footage, information or to pass on their well-wishes and kind thoughts.”

Anyone who has information which can help us identify any of the people in the images is asked to call 101 and let the call handler know you’re phoning about Sunday’s incident, quoting the letter associated with the person/ people.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
