```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-27T03:49+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-27T03:43+00:00
og:
  description: Ten people were arrested on Friday, 27 March following more violent disorder in Bristol. Three of those arrested were detained in connection with the violent disorder in the city on Sunday&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20210327034214/Horse-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Arrests made following violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-27T03:49+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/arrests-made-following-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 03:43 on 27th March 2021
title: Arrests made following violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/arrests-made-following-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
```

Multiple arrests were made following violent disorder in Bristol city centre overnight.

More than 1,000 people gathered at College Green from 4pm for a protest.

Specialist protest liaison officers attempted to engage with those who had gathered to remind them of the current coronavirus restrictions and urge them to go home.

However, at approximately 5pm the crowd began marching through the city centre.

At around 6.30pm a significant number of protestors congregated on Lewins Mead, in front of a police cordon.

Officers were instructed to use protective clothing after ammonia was smelt in the crowd.

Shortly after 10pm officers moved to disperse people as items, including eggs and glass bottles, began to be thrown at them and attempts were made to pull their shields.

Mutual aid from neighbouring forces was brought in to ensure the crowds were dispersed as safely as possible.

Specialist resources including dogs, horses and the police helicopter were used in the policing operation which concluded at approximately 1am.

A total of 10 people of were arrested. One has since been issued a fixed penalty notice while the other nine remain in police custody.

Superintendent Mark Runacres said: “The majority of people acted peacefully however there was a minority who once again showed hostility to officers.

“Items, including glass bottles and bricks were thrown at officers, fireworks were launched at our mounted section while one of our horses was also covered with paint.

“This violent conduct is not acceptable.

“Officers repeatedly encouraged people to disperse but once the atmosphere changed and people became physical it was necessary to take action.

“Ten people were arrested for offences including violent disorder, assaulting an emergency worker and possession of Class A drugs.

“Three of those arrested were also detained in connection with the violent disorder which took place in Bristol on Sunday."

Supt Runacres added: “All the officers policing the incident are specially trained and accredited in public order and showed exceptional patience in the face of a significant disorder.

“At times reasonable force had to be used – this is not something we ever want to do but we have a duty to uphold the law, prevent crime, and protect people and property.”
