```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-21T14:40+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-21T14:40+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219102132'
og:
  description: The incident happened in the Bluebell Road and Bunford Lane of Yeovil&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112115/Can-you-help-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: We&#8217;re seeking witnesses to a motoring incident in Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-21T14:40+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/were-seeking-witnesses-to-a-motoring-incident-in-yeovil/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:40 on 21st May 2019
title: We&#8217;re seeking witnesses to a motoring incident in Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/were-seeking-witnesses-to-a-motoring-incident-in-yeovil/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses to a motoring incident in Yeovil.

It happened at 7.10pm on Thursday 9 May near to the junction of Bluebell Road and Bunford Lane.

A dark blue Audi drove around a stationary car at the traffic lights (near to The Airfield Tavern and across the junction through a red traffic light. The car was travelling quite slowly and black smoke could be seen coming from beneath the bonnet.

The Audi then approached a red traffic light, which was controlling the roundabout at the junction of Bunford Lane and the A3088. It drove through the red light, almost colliding with a grey Citroen people carrier, which was already negotiating the roundabout.

The Citroen took evasive action to prevent a collision swerving towards the roundabout and colliding with the kerb.

The Audi did not stop but continued to take the second exit onto the A3088 heading in the direction of Lysander Road before it stopped near to South Somerset District Council Offices, when a man and woman got out of the car and began pushing it.

The Audi was described as having damage to its front nearside bumper and wing.

We believe there would be people in the area at the time of the incident, who may be able to help our enquiries. We would like them to contact us, especially if they have mobile phone or dash-cam image of the incident.

If you are able to help please call us, quoting

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219102132 **
