```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
og:
  description: The incident happened on the A370 in Congresbury on Sunday afternoon.
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Witness appeal after man stabbed in Congresbury | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/witness-appeal-after-man-stabbed-in-congresbury/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:06 on 20th August 2019
title: Witness appeal after man stabbed in Congresbury | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/witness-appeal-after-man-stabbed-in-congresbury/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses after a man was stabbed in Congresbury on Sunday afternoon.

The incident happened on the A370, near to The Congresbury Arms, at around 2.50pm.

The victim, a 51-year-old man, suffered injuries to his arm which needed hospital treatment.

A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of wounding and being concerned in the supply of cocaine.

We’ve also arrested a second person – a 51-year-old man – on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of cocaine.

Both men have been released under investigation.

We’d like to speak to anyone who saw a silver Mercedes 4×4 being driven on the A370 in Congresbury around 2.50pm on Sunday, as well as anyone who saw any part of the assault.

We’d especially like people to review their Dash Cam footage if they were driving through Congresbury around the time of this incident.

Searches are being carried out in the local area to try and locate items linked to this investigation, including a weapon and a mobile phone. We’re asking local residents to check their gardens and call us if the find any items which may be of interest to us.

Please call Investigations on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219190140 if you can help.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
