```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-19T10:26+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-19T10:26+00:00
og:
  description: A 33-year-old Frome man has been banned from part of Frome and Shepton Mallet&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112006/Clive-Kemery-05.08.1986-new-image-.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man banned from towns in Somerset for four years | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-19T10:26+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/man-banned-from-towns-in-somerset-for-four-years/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:26 on 19th July 2019
title: Man banned from towns in Somerset for four years | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/man-banned-from-towns-in-somerset-for-four-years/
```

A 33-year-old Frome man has been banned from entering various parts of Somerset towns for four years.

Clive Kemery of Buttshill, Frome, was issued with a criminal behaviour order at Taunton Crown Court on 9 July.

At a previous hearing at Taunton Crown Court on 28 May this year, he was convicted of robbery, attempted robbery and two counts of theft and jailed for a total of 27 months.

The court found that he had engaged in behaviour that caused, or was likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to one of more persons and considered that an order was necessary to help in preventing the offender from engaging in such behaviour.

At a hearing at Taunton Crown Court on 9 July a Criminal Behaviour Order was put in place. this prohibited Clive Kemery from certain places in Frome town centre and also at a venue in Shepton Mallet.

 * B&M, Station Approach
 * Marks & Spencer, Kingsway
 * Any Co-op store as defined by the map
 * To remain on any retail or business premises within Frome, as defined by the map when asked to leave by a member of staff or person of authority
 * To be on any retail or premises within Frome as defined by the map, in the presence of a named individual
 * Boots, Townsend Retail Park, Shepton Mallet

The order runs for four years until 8 July 2023.

Should Clive Kemery be found guilty of breaching the order the court could grant up to five years imprisonment or a fine or both.
