```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-30T17:54+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-26T00:01+00:00
og:
  description: The COVID&#x2d;19 tier system will change as of 00.01am on Thursday 31 December.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201204114657/J15359_COVID-19-update-1024x514-pixels_Dec-2020.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: COVID&#x2d;19 tier system in Avon and Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-30T17:54+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/covid-19-tier-system-in-avon-and-somerset/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 00:01 on 26th December 2020
title: COVID&#x2d;19 tier system in Avon and Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/covid-19-tier-system-in-avon-and-somerset/
```

Police are continuing to work with communities to help limit the spread of coronavirus and save lives following changes to the tier system.

New Covid-19 tiers come into effect on Thursday 31 December. Different parts of our force area are subject to different levels of restriction. The current restrictions will be regularly reviewed by the Government.

We will continue to engage, explain and encourage people to comply with the regulations. As a last resort, police will enforce, whether it is by directing people to leave an area, or issuing a fine. The majority of regulation breaches reported to us have been resolved without needing to issue a fine.

Click here to find out the coronavirus restrictions in your local area

### **From 00:01 Thursday 31 December**

### **Tier 4 "Stay at Home"**

Somerset (Mendip, Sedgemoor, Somerset West and Taunton, and South Somerset) has been placed in the "Stay at Home" Tier 4 restrictions, meaning you cannot leave or be outside of the place you are living unless you have a reasonable excuse. You cannot meet with other people indoors, including over the New Year period, unless you live with them, or they are part of your support bubble. Outdoors, you can only meet one other person from another household.

Click here for a full list of the restrictions, including what you can and cannot do in Tier 4

### **Tier 3 “Very High Alert”**

Bristol, Somerset, North Somerset, South Gloucestershire and Bath and North East Somerset (BANES) are in the “Very High Alert” Tier 3 restrictions, meaning households are banned from mixing, except in limited circumstances such as in parks and public gardens. This means there is a very high or very rapidly rising level of infections, where tighter restrictions need to be in place.

Click here for a full list of the restrictions, including what you can and cannot do in tier 3
