```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-02T17:29+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-06-29T14:16+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220140603'
og:
  description: A 30-year-old man is in custody having been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200127132009/Arrest-made-Car.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two arrests after man injured in Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-02T17:29+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/06/two-arrests-after-man-injured-in-weston-super-mare/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:16 on 29th June 2020
title: Two arrests after man injured in Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/06/two-arrests-after-man-injured-in-weston-super-mare/
```

There are 4 related updates to this story

 * 02 Jul 2020: Second murder charge in Weston-super-Mare investigation
 * 02 Jul 2020: Man charged with murder in Weston-super-Mare
 * 01 Jul 2020: Family tribute to 'kind and gentle' man - Weston-super-Mare
 * 30 Jun 2020: Five arrests in murder inquiry after man dies - Weston-super-Mare

Two men have been arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into injuries sustained by a man in Weston-super-Mare at the weekend.

Police were called to the Ridgeway Avenue area at about 12.05am on Saturday 27 June following a reported disturbance involving three males.

Officers found one man having suffered serious injuries and police gave emergency treatment at the scene ahead of paramedics arriving. He was transferred to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and he remains in custody. A second man, 30, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. He has been released under investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector James Riccio said: "The victim sustained a number of stab wounds during the incident in the early hours of Saturday and remains in hospital.

"I'd like to pay tribute to those officers at the scene in the immediate aftermath who provided exceptional care to the man in the minutes before paramedics arrived.

"A cordon remains in place around the scene while our investigation continues and there is an increased police presence in the area. We understand this does cause disruption but would like to thank the local community for their patience and understanding at this time.

"We'd ask anyone who has information about what happened, however small or insignificant it may seem, to call the Major Crime Investigation Team on 101 and give reference 5220140603."

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
