```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
incident:
  reference: '5219176642'
og:
  description: Three teenage boys from Bristol have been arrested in relation to a number of bicycle theft and burglary-related offences.
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Three teenagers arrested for numerous bicycle thefts | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/three-teenagers-arrested-for-numerous-bicycle-thefts/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:14 on 13th August 2019
title: Three teenagers arrested for numerous bicycle thefts | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/three-teenagers-arrested-for-numerous-bicycle-thefts/
```

**Three teenage boys from Bristol have been arrested** **in relation to a number of bicycle theft and burglary-related offences.**

A 15 year old and a 17 year old, both from St George and a 16 year old from Staple Hill have been arrested on suspicion of seven counts of burglary and one count of theft.

The 15 year old and 16 year old boys were also arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs.

The arrests – made on Saturday (10 August) – come after an appeal was issued to help locate the owners of the suspected stolen bicycles resulting in owners from Bath, Downend, Hanham, Nailsea, Portishead, Clifton and St George all identifying their bikes.

The three boys have been released under investigation and enquiries are still ongoing, reference 5219176642.

Officers are currently in the process of the reuniting the stolen bicycles with their original owners.

**Follow these tips to keep your bicycles safe from thieves:**

 * Where possible, store your bicycles in your home.
 * If this isn’t possible, ensure they are kept in a secure outbuilding such as an alarmed and locked shed or garage.
 * Lock your bicycles to something immovable like a wall, the floor or a
 * Double lock your bikes using two quality locks, at least one of which is a D-lock.
 * Get your bikes security marked and registered at **BikeRegister** and **Immobilise**.
 * Record the details of your bicycles including noting the frame number (normally found underneath the bike between the pedals or where the back wheel slots in), the BikeRegister number plus any other distinguishing features, and take a photo.
