```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-25T09:52+00:00
  published:
    time: 2018-11-12T10:02+00:00
og:
  description: Common questions drivers have about insurance answered&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024113053/adult-automotive-blur-13861.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: What happens if I drive without insurance? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-25T09:52+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2018/11/what-happens-if-i-drive-without-insurance/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:02 on 12th November 2018
title: What happens if I drive without insurance? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2018/11/what-happens-if-i-drive-without-insurance/
```

**Is it illegal to drive a car without insurance?**

Yes, it’s against the law to drive a vehicle on a public road without at least the most basic level of car insurance (known as third party insurance).

**How do police know I don’t have insurance?**

Police work closely with the Motor Insurance Database. Data from the (MID) is shared with all UK police forces so that Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras can quickly and easily tell officers if a vehicle in front is insured or not.

The MIB dedicated police helpline is available to officers who have stopped a vehicle at the roadside where the validity of the vehicle and driver’s insurance is in question. Phone operators are available to speak with insurance companies to clarify information and make sure that we have the right information to make a decision.

In 2017 the data-led analysis of vehicles meant warnings were sent to hundreds of thousands of motorists who appeared to be uninsured and around 250,000 people were automatically issued with a fixed penalty notice.

**What would police do if they stopped me for driving without insurance?**

If officers suspect your car may be uninsured they can pull you over and call the MID’s dedicated helpline, running the number plate through their system. If the vehicle is found to be uninsured then we can issue 6 points on your license, a fine of £300 or seize your vehicle. We also have the power to destroy your vehicle.

Recent figures from MIB (Motor Insurers Bureau) showed that warnings are being issued to around 3,000 uninsured drivers every day. Between January 2018 and October 2018 we seized 2327 uninsured vehicles from the roads.

Stock image of an officer carrying out car checks

**Does fully comprehensive driving insurance mean I can drive any car?**

Not all policies include cover for the use of other vehicles. Always check your policy wording and don’t just assume you are covered. Driving other vehicles (DOV) cover is not normally available to anyone other than the policyholder, so a named driver on a policy would not be able to drive other cars under the policy. If you are under 25 years of age, it’s likely that your policy will not cover the use of other vehicles. If you are unsure as to whether you are covered or not, check your policy documents or with your insurance provider before you drive the vehicle.

If you are unsure about what you’re covered for in your car insurance you can either check your policy documents or contact your insurance provider direct **#OpDriveInsured**
