```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-03T10:21+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-02T17:31+00:00
og:
  description: Eight warrants were executed today as part of an ongoing joint operation between Operation Remedy at Avon and Somerset Police and Operation Orochi in the Met Police.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111853/Arrest-made.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Arrests made and drugs seized as part of county lines inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-03T10:21+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/arrests-made-and-drugs-seized-as-part-of-county-lines-inquiry/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:31 on 2nd March 2021
title: Arrests made and drugs seized as part of county lines inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/arrests-made-and-drugs-seized-as-part-of-county-lines-inquiry/
```

A series of warrants were carried out in Bridgwater and London this morning relating to a joint investigation into county lines activity and the supply of controlled drugs into Somerset.

Four warrants were executed in Bridgwater and another four in the London area. Seven people have been arrested for being concerned in the supply of class A drugs – four in Bridgwater, two in London and one in Gloucester.

Avon and Somerset Police followed this up with visits to a further 11 addresses in Bridgwater associated with drugs use. A quantity of class A drugs have been seized and another man was arrested in relation to possessing an offensive weapon.

BWV showing one of the warrants being executed

Det Insp Scott Chadwick said: “This is part of an ongoing joint operation between Operation Remedy at Avon and Somerset Police and Operation Orochi in the Met Police.

“More than 100 officers and staff were deployed today across three force areas to dismantle a significant and harmful county lines drugs network.

“The planning and execution of this morning’s warrants involved officers and staff in Intelligence, Operation Remedy, Neighbourhood Teams, Operational Support Teams and our police dog units.

“The aim is to rid our communities of the corrosive impact of county lines drug dealing. We know criminals don’t respect borders which is why we work in partnership with other forces to share intelligence and resources to bring offenders to justice and cut-off the supply of class A drugs into our area.”
