```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-09T11:05+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-09T11:05+00:00
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested in Bristol.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111852/Arrest-made-police-hats.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Modern slavery arrests in Bristol as part of National Crime Agency inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-09T11:05+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/modern-slavery-arrests-in-bristol-as-part-of-national-crime-agency-inquiry/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:05 on 9th October 2019
title: Modern slavery arrests in Bristol as part of National Crime Agency inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/modern-slavery-arrests-in-bristol-as-part-of-national-crime-agency-inquiry/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 10 Oct 2019: Bristol man charged in human trafficking investigation

A man and woman from Bristol have been arrested as part of a National Crime Agency (NCA) investigation into the trafficking of Slovakian nationals into the UK for labour exploitation.

A 43-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman were detained on suspicion of Modern Slavery Act offences, money laundering and fraud by NCA officers in the Fishponds and Lockleaze areas of Bristol yesterday (Tuesday 8 October). They are now being questioned.

The arrests follow a two-year NCA investigation into the exploitation of dozens of predominantly Slovak migrants, who would be transported to the UK and then put to work in labouring jobs or car washes.

The victims would often have their promised wages withheld, bank accounts controlled by their captors and be threatened with violence.

The investigation has also been supported in the UK by Avon and Somerset Police and overseas by the Slovakian Police, who played a key role by tracing and locating previous victims who had returned home.

NCA branch commander Ian Glover said: “This is a major step in what has been a long and complex investigation.

“Throughout we have heard distressing allegations of the exploitation, abuse and humiliation of victims for financial profit. Those victims have now been safeguarded and are being supported.

“Tackling modern slavery and human trafficking is one of our highest priorities, and we are determined to work with our law enforcement partners to pursue offenders and protect victims.

“But we still need the public to help, be our eyes and ears and alert us to activity in their communities that may be concerning them."

If you have suspicions about activity that may be linked to exploitation please call the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700, or the police on 101.
