```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-15T14:35+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-15T14:35+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5221032125'
og:
  description: Penelope Jackson, 65, is due to appear in court on Monday 15 February following the death of a man in Berrow.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111849/In-Court-Black.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Woman due in court after being charged with murder | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-15T14:35+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/woman-due-in-court-after-being-charged-with-murder/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:35 on 15th February 2021
title: Woman due in court after being charged with murder | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/woman-due-in-court-after-being-charged-with-murder/
```

A 65-year-old woman has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Berrow over the weekend.

Penelope Jackson, of Parsonage Road, has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Taunton Magistrates Court today (Monday 15 February).

Police and paramedics were called to an address at approximately 9.15pm on Saturday 13 February after a 78-year-old man had been severely injured. He was pronounced dead at the scene.

A post-mortem was carried out yesterday and revealed he had died following a number of stab wounds. Formal identification is yet to take place, but we believe the man to be David Jackson.

His family have been informed and are receiving support from a specialist family liaison officer at this difficult time. They have asked for their privacy to be respected.

A police cordon remains and we’d like to thank the community for their patience while our enquiries are carried out. We'd urge anyone with concerns about the incident to speak with the officers in the area and they will be happy to help.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5221032125 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
