```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-13T12:33+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-13T12:33+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220175601'
og:
  description: We are keen to speak to these individuals as they may have crucial information to assist in our investigation.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200813132807/hutton-landscape.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal to trace two key witnesses following Hutton burglary | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-13T12:33+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-to-trace-two-key-witnesses-following-hutton-burglary/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:33 on 13th August 2020
title: Appeal to trace two key witnesses following Hutton burglary | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-to-trace-two-key-witnesses-following-hutton-burglary/
```

We are attempting to trace two people who we believe may be key witnesses to a burglary in North Somerset last week.

Between about 3.15pm and 4.30pm on Wednesday 5 August, a substantial amount of cash, plus jewellery and electrical items were taken from a Chinese takeaway and the adjoining flat on Main Road, Hutton.

Police have conducted house to house enquiries and have obtained dash cam footage taken at the time of the incident.

The footage shows a light blue Hyundai i30 N outside the takeaway at the time of the burglary. It also shows a man walking along the road in the direction of the takeaway and a woman stood outside the takeaway as the Hyundai stops.

We are particularly keen to speak to these individuals as they may have crucial information to assist in our investigation.

If you have any information regarding this incident, contact the Police on 101 quoting reference number 5220175601.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111, or via their online form. No personal details are taken, and they will never trace your call.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220175601 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
