```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-20T15:34+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-20T15:34+00:00
og:
  description: Latest defendants in court today&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112428/Stock-image-horse-with-eye-protection-e1549186492688.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two more men jailed over Bristol City v Swansea football disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-20T15:34+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-more-men-jailed-over-bristol-city-v-swansea-football-disorder/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:34 on 20th June 2019
title: Two more men jailed over Bristol City v Swansea football disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-more-men-jailed-over-bristol-city-v-swansea-football-disorder/
```

Stock image of mounted officer and horse

Two Bristol men start jail terms today, Thursday 20 June, over their involvement in disorder around a football match.

Ross Higginson, 24, has an eight-week jail term while James Hayes, 29 is jailed for six weeks. Both have six-year Football Banning Orders (FBO) for public order offences.
They admitted public order offences around the Bristol City v Swansea match in February.

Sam Staynings, 27, of Bristol, had earlier admitted assaulting an emergency worker by spitting blood at a police officer. The judge sentenced him to 24 weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months. He must carry out 240 hours of unpaid work and pay costs and compensation totalling £1,135. He also has a five-year FBO.

The court heard that the officer faces long-lasting consequences as he needs medical tests over six months.

Judge Lynne Matthews described Staynings' actions as "outrageous". She said she wrestled with the sentence after hearing of his family circumstances, adding: "Everything you did means you should be going to prison today, but your family need you."

A fourth man is due to be sentenced next week.

DI David Lewis said: "We've worked with Bristol City FC, Ashton Gate Stadium and Swansea City FC, as well as British Transport Police and South Wales Police colleagues to secure these convictions in what has been a complex investigation. We don't want football-related violence in our city and will continue to work together to bring those responsible to justice."
