```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-08-01T13:23+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-08-01T13:23+00:00
og:
  description: Hand in unwanted and illegal weapons at five police stations&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112006/NABIS-gun-poster-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Firearms surrender continues until Sunday 4 August | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-08-01T13:23+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/firearms-surrender-continues-until-sunday-4-august/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:23 on 1st August 2019
title: Firearms surrender continues until Sunday 4 August | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/firearms-surrender-continues-until-sunday-4-august/
```

National firearms surrender poster

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 19 Jul 2019: Summer firearms surrender starts

Weapons including a stun gun, rifle and shotgun are among those handed in so far under the national firearms surrender.

You have got until Sunday 4 August to hand in illegal and unwanted firearms and ammunition at five designated stations:

 * Bridgwater Police Centre
 * Keynsham Police Centre
 * Patchway Police Centre
 * Trinity Road Police Station
 * Yeovil Police Station

The surrender, co-ordinated by the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS) started on Saturday 20 July and runs until Sunday 4 August. We'll take in unwanted items including lawfully-held guns and ammunition as well as illegal firearms, including stun guns and pepper spray.

Chief Inspector John Holt said: “Every weapon handed in helps to make our communities safer. Even lawfully-held or licensed firearms can be used to cause harm or fear in our communities if they fall into criminal hands. This fortnight is your chance to give up an illegal gun, or tell us where one is, without giving your name. Every weapon or piece of ammunition taken off the streets could save a life."

Under the scheme you don't have to give your name. We won't prosecute you for having an illegal item if you hand it in. However, NABIS will examine guns and ammunition. We'll investigate if any have been used in crime.

NABIS may put unusual items into their reference collection or pass them to museums. Criminal evidence will be kept and everything else will be destroyed.

Illegal possession of a firearm can mean five years behind bars. Possession with intent to supply can lead to a life sentence.
