```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-11T13:24+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-11T13:24+00:00
og:
  description: The flat in Green Dragon Court has been closed for three months.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111919/Closure-order-PC-Jennifer-Atkinson-WEB.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Drug related activity leads to second closure order in Bridgwater street | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-11T13:24+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/drug-related-activity-leads-to-second-closure-order-in-bridgwater-street/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:24 on 11th September 2019
title: Drug related activity leads to second closure order in Bridgwater street | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/drug-related-activity-leads-to-second-closure-order-in-bridgwater-street/
```

PC Jennifer Atkinson at the affected flat.

A closure order has been granted for a property in Bridgwater following residents’ concerns over the supply and use of illegal drugs.

It’s the second closure order successfully applied for relating to a property in Green Dragon Court and the fourth successful police-led application in the Sedgemoor area over the past four months.

North Somerset Magistrates’ Court granted a three-month full closure for this latest property at a hearing held on Friday (September 6).

A Misuse of Drugs Act warrant was carried out at the flat in June resulting in the seizure of four mobile phones for analysis. Two hypodermic needles containing brown liquid were also seized and are undergoing forensic analysis. This investigation into this incident is ongoing.

Reasons for the closure included people loitering outside the address causing fear and intimidation to local residents; disturbances within the property and in the area around the flat; criminal damage that included a chainsaw being used to damage a wooden door, as well as evidence of drug use and activity, including drug paraphernalia found inside.

Anti-Social Behaviour Officer Cerwyn Pritchard, who led on the closure order application, said: “This order sends a clear message that drug misuse and anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated by Avon and Somerset Police and together we can deal with these offences using all the legal powers available to us.

"The conduct of those living at the property has had a detrimental effect on the health and wellbeing of their neighbours, to the point where some felt afraid to continue living a normal life.

“The local neighbourhood policing team received a large number of complaints about the use and supply of drugs from this address by visitors and the occupants within it. The use and supply of drugs has a huge negative impact on those living nearby, due to the anti-social behaviour that invariably comes with this type of criminality.

“We worked closely with the property’s owners Sanctuary Housing, who fully supported our closure application.

“We rely on local residents to provide us with information and I’d encourage anyone with concerns about crime or anti-social behaviour within their community to contact the police. The more evidence we can gather in these and similar situations, the stronger the case we can present at court.

"I’d like to thank all the residents who put their faith and trust in us and I hope this outcome shows we take your concerns seriously."
