```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-20T15:55+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-20T15:55+00:00
og:
  description: Police operation working for a safe and enjoyable match&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112039/Crest-1.jpg1_.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: BCFC v Swansea City at Ashton Gate Saturday 21 September | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-20T15:55+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/bcfc-v-swansea-city-at-ashton-gate-saturday-21-september/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:55 on 20th September 2019
title: BCFC v Swansea City at Ashton Gate Saturday 21 September | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/bcfc-v-swansea-city-at-ashton-gate-saturday-21-september/
```

We're urging fans attending the Bristol City v Swansea City Sky Bet Championship fixture game on Saturday 21 September to have an enjoyable time.

There will be no restrictions on supporters of the Welsh side who are planning to travel to Ashton Gate for kick-off at 3pm. In return for opting not to impose restrictions for supporters, we hope that the spirit of co-operation will be extended by both sets of fans for their Championship, especially as the match is being screened live on Eurosport. Last year’s matches between the two sides resulted in close games in Bristol and Swansea.

Swansea City fans attending the match are advised that all available away tickets are now sold, with no sales on the day itself.

Superintendent Rhys Hughes said: “We are anticipating a great game and a bumper turnout. We will, of course, have a police operation for the match, which will be intelligence-led and include us working with our police officer colleagues in South Wales, as well as both clubs. In the build up to this game we have sought views on the policing of this match from both Swansea and Bristol City fans. The priority is for a safe and enjoyable day for both sets of supporters, ensuring the impact of the game on visitors to the city, local residents and businesses, is kept to a minimum.

“Club stewards will remove anyone from the ground that is being disrespectful to others, whether it is through racial chanting or abusive language. We will support the club’s action and arrest them for any offences committed. This sort of behaviour will not be tolerated by either the club or us. Those who cause problems – anti social behaviour or violence – should be aware that they could be arrested and subsequent charges could result in a football banning order.

“We urge both sets of fans to have an enjoyable trouble-free match. It is a great opportunity for both sets of fans to showcase the game in a great city."
