```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-03T15:50+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-03T15:23+00:00
og:
  description: People were served alcohol and were seen congregated around tables when officers arrived.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201102130714/Fined_white-and-black_Oct-2020.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: "Business owner fined \xA31,000 for COVID&#x2d;19 breach over serving alcohol | Avon and Somerset Police"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-03T15:50+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/business-owner-fined-1000-for-covid-19-breach-over-serving-alcohol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:23 on 3rd February 2021
title: "Business owner fined \xA31,000 for COVID&#x2d;19 breach over serving alcohol | Avon and Somerset Police"
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/business-owner-fined-1000-for-covid-19-breach-over-serving-alcohol/
```

A Somerset business owner has received a £1,000 fixed penalty notice after breaking COVID-19 restrictions by serving alcohol to customers.

Police were called to a farm, in Mudgley near Wedmore, on Saturday 30 January and found several customers had been served cider by a member of staff. People inside the premises were seen congregated around tables, not socially distancing or wearing face masks.

The business owner told police he was providing customers with samples of cider, which amounts to a breach of the COVID-19 restrictions. He was issued with a £1,000 fixed penalty notice.

We have made Sedgemoor District Council’s licensing team aware of the incident.

Acting Sergeant Matthew Shaqer said: "The COVID-19 regulations are clear that alcohol cannot be served to customers for on-site consumption at this current time. Several people could be seen sat at tables with a glass of cider in a clear breach of the law.

"It was shocking to walk into the premises and find so many people there. Any one of them could have had the virus but been asymptomatic and spread the virus to a number of other households.

"We will continue to engage with the public, explain the rules and encourage them to comply, but with deliberate flagrant breaches of the legislation people can expect to be fined.

"We appreciate the vast majority of people are however complying with the rules and are making sacrifices to their daily lives to limit the spread of COVID-19 and we thank them for doing so."

Breaches of COVID-19 regulations that are happening can be reported on 101, while long-standing issues can be reported online via our website.
