```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-11-30T11:55+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-11-30T11:55+00:00
og:
  description: He was charged by Operation Remedy officers investigating five burglaries in one week&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111848/In-Court-White.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man in court over Bridgwater burglaries | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-11-30T11:55+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/man-in-court-over-bridgwater-burglaries/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:55 on 30th November 2020
title: Man in court over Bridgwater burglaries | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/man-in-court-over-bridgwater-burglaries/
```

A man has been remanded in custody after appearing before North Somerset Magistrates charged with five counts of burglary at homes and businesses.

The offences all happened in Bridgwater within a six-day period - between Thursday 19 and Tuesday 24 November.

Layton Thomas John Dufeu, 26, of North Petherton, was arrested on Wednesday 25 November in Bridgwater and charged by officers working on Operation Remedy.

He appeared in court on Thursday 26 November to face charges of:

 * Burglary other than dwelling with intent to steal at a pub in High Street, Bridgwater, on 19 November
 * Burglary dwelling with intent to steal at a two houses in Ashleigh Avenue, Bridgwater, on 21 November
 * Burglary dwelling with intent to steal at a house in Victoria Road, Bridgwater, on 21 November
 * Burglary dwelling with intent to steal at a house in Priory Court, Bridgwater, on 23 November

He was remanded in custody pending his next appearance, at Taunton Crown Court on Monday 14 December.

Operation Remedy is a proactive campaign across Avon and Somerset that targets residential burglary, knife crime and the illegal supply of controlled drugs.

**You can deter opportunist thieves by:**

 * locking up and setting the alarm, if you have one, at night as well as when you go out
 * making sure your door is locked by turning the key – some 'paddle and stub'-handled doors might seem to be locked by lifting the handle, but can still be opened from outside
 * keeping doors and windows locked if you’re not in the same room
 * never leaving keys in the lock or in sight of the letterbox
 * fitting a letterbox cage
 * keeping car keys, handbags, wallets and other portable valuables out of sight
 * joining Neighbourhood Watch

Everyone can help to keep their neighbourhood safe by reporting suspicious incidents. If you see someone acting suspiciously around a neighbour’s property, call us straight away. If they’re obviously breaking in, ring 999. Otherwise, call the non-emergency number 101: operators are on hand 24/7.

More home security information on our crime prevention page
