```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-09T10:30+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-08T16:47+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5221027524'
og:
  description: A 22-year-old man has been arrested following two armed robberies in Yate.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111850/Arrest-Made_Cuffs.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man arrested over robberies in Yate | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-09T10:30+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/man-arrested-over-robberies-in-yate/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:47 on 8th February 2021
title: Man arrested over robberies in Yate | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/man-arrested-over-robberies-in-yate/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 09 Feb 2021: Man charged with robberies in Yate

A man has been arrested in connection with two armed robberies in South Gloucestershire.

The first incident occurred at approximately 6.20pm yesterday (Sunday 7 February) at Miss Millie's in Yate. Staff were threatened and a quantity of cash handed over.

A similar incident was reported shortly after 7am this morning (Monday 8 February) at McDonald's in Yate. No-one was injured, and a firearm was again reportedly sighted.

We can confirm a firearm has this afternoon been recovered. It has been taken away for further examination.

Detective Inspector Dan Rowan said: "This afternoon we arrested a 22-year-old man on suspicion of two robberies. He remains in police custody at this time.

"We're grateful for the public calling in with any information as part of our enquiries so far and would continue to ask for witnesses to come forward.

"Thankfully incidents of this nature are rare but we appreciate the community will have understandable concerns about what has happened and additional patrols are being carried out.

“Should anyone have any questions or concerns, I’d urge them to speak with one of those officers on the streets or call 101 and ask to speak to the local neighbourhood team.”

Anyone with information about either incident, is asked to call 101 and quote reference number **5221027524** to the call-handler.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
