```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-18T12:31+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-18T12:31+00:00
og:
  description: Emergency Service Open Day&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112007/open-day-horse-pic.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Opening the doors to your Emergency Services Avon &#038; Somerset Police and Fire &#038; Rescue announce date of annual Open Day | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-18T12:31+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/opening-the-doors-to-your-emergency-services-avon-somerset-police-and-fire-rescue-announce-date-of-annual-open-day/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:31 on 18th July 2019
title: Opening the doors to your Emergency Services Avon &#038; Somerset Police and Fire &#038; Rescue announce date of annual Open Day | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/opening-the-doors-to-your-emergency-services-avon-somerset-police-and-fire-rescue-announce-date-of-annual-open-day/
```

We are delighted to announce that we, along with Avon Fire & Rescue, will be hosting our annual Emergency Services Open Day on Sunday 15 September 10.30am to 4pm.

The event, which is held at Police & Fire HQ in Portishead, is always extremely popular with tickets selling out within minutes every year.

The first release of tickets will take place on Monday 22nd July at 1pm with two further releases due to take place later in the summer.

This year the programme of events will include displays from Avon and Somerset’s Police Dog, Mounted and Firearms section as well as car cutting and search and rescue demonstrations from Avon Fire & Rescue.

Younger visitors are invited to join the Major Crimes Team and become a detective for the day. They will be able to visit a crime scene, investigate the evidence and then find out if their hard work has paid off when the offender is revealed at the end of the day.

Beyond the Constabulary and Avon Fire & Rescue Service representatives from Mountain Rescue, HM Coastguard, British Red Cross, RNLI and Wessex 4 x 4 will be at the event.

The Open Day is also an opportunity to find out more about the wide range of careers and volunteering opportunities available in the emergency services.

A number of community groups and organisations will also be attending the event to showcase the role they play in supporting communities across Avon and Somerset. Those attending include: SARI (Support Against Racism and Inequality), Citizens Academy, Street Pastors, ASNWA, NHS Blood and Transport, Brigstowe Project and Mavis Bus.

Avon and Somerset Police, Chief Constable Andy Marsh said: “We’re extremely proud to be opening our doors for the Open Day again this year. It’s the perfect opportunity to give members of the public an insight into the work we do, and how we support, and are supported by the other emergency services.

“Partnership working is a vital part of what we do which is why I’m particularly pleased to see that we will also be joined by so many of the organisations and groups that we work alongside in our communities every day. The Open Day is one of the highlights of our year, and we look forward to welcoming everybody to HQ.”

Mick Crennell, Chief Fire Officer for Avon Fire & Rescue Service, added: “This is a fantastic event and one that we look forward to every year. We work tirelessly with our partners to ensure our communities are safe and that our service is as strong as possible. This event provides a great opportunity for us to showcase the excellent work we do and to meet face to face with the people we serve in our communities.

“My teams love to share this work with families and young people in a relaxed and fun atmosphere. We look forward to welcoming everyone to headquarters for an amazing day.”

Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens said: “I’m delighted that our Emergency Services Open Day is returning once again this September. The day gives us the opportunity to showcase all aspects of emergency services and the people who work so hard to keep our communities safe.

“We’ve got demonstrations from dogs, horses and firearms teams as well as a chance to watch operational training in action. There really is something for everyone and I know friends and families will have a great day out. I look forward to seeing you there.”

For more information about the Emergency Services Day and to book tickets please visit: www.emergencyservicesopenday.co.uk
