```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-31T15:54+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-31T15:54+00:00
og:
  description: New Police Station&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111956/IMG_0996.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Police move to new site at Southmead Hospital | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-31T15:54+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/police-move-to-new-site-at-southmead-hospital-2/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:54 on 31st July 2019
title: Police move to new site at Southmead Hospital | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/police-move-to-new-site-at-southmead-hospital-2/
```

The new Southmead police station was officially opened by Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens and Chief Constable Andy Marsh on Wednesday 31 July 2019.

The local community will now be able to visit the enquiry office at Westgate House, a building within the Southmead Hospital site, between 10am – 6pm, Monday to Friday.

Outside of these hours public can call 101 or visit www.avonandsomerset.police.uk for assistance or in an emergency call 999.

The enquiry office occupies a space on the ground floor and the first floor provides a modern, fit for purpose station for the local Neighbourhood team.

Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens said: “I’m delighted to unveil the new and permanent home for Southmead police station at Southmead Hospital. The future of policing is about being located with our partners, where local people can access multiple services under one roof and make the best use of our accessibility and resources.

“From speaking to local people, I know how important it is to them to have a policing presence in the community. I hope residents will feel reassured that the police are not leaving the area and will find our new base, Westgate House, accessible and convenient. “

Chief Andy Marsh added: “We are delighted to have a new home in Southmead, located on the Southmead Hospital site and only a short distance from the old police station.

“The new site underlines our commitment to give a permanent base to the beat managers and PCSOs, whose posts have been protected since 2013. The new station will ensure that the police will be where they are needed most, in the heart of your community. This is an exciting time for local policing and reinforces our commitment to serving our communities and continuing to work alongside our local partners.”

Inspector Lorna Dallimore commented: “We are delighted to have moved into our new accommodation in Westgate House at Southmead Hospital. We have always been committed to having a police station in Southmead and the new site provides facilities for two Neighbourhood teams and an enquiry office within one of the force’s highest demand areas.

“It is important to us that our officers are based in their community and our new permanent location ensures the Neighbourhood team remains in the heart of the local community.

“The new site also provides us with even more opportunities to continue great partnership working with our NHS colleagues at Southmead Hospital.”

North Bristol Trust, Director of Estates, Facilities and Capital Planning, Simon Wood said: “I am delighted to announce the opening of Westgate House Police enquiry office on the Southmead Hospital site. The partnership which we have with Avon & Somerset Police is highly valued and extremely important in operating our hospital and maintaining a safe environment for our staff, patients and visitors.

“The regular cooperation, joint initiatives and urgent response that we get from the police when they are needed has always been fantastic. The new enquiry office can only continue to strengthen our relationship and partnership working.”

How to contact Avon and Somerset Police in Southmead
• Visit the new Westgate House enquiry office at Southmead Hospital between 10am -6pm Monday to Friday.
• Call 101 for non-emergency or in an emergency call 999.
• Visit www.avonandsomerset.police.uk for assistance
