```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-08-29T14:30+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-08-29T14:30+00:00
og:
  description: Can you help us find the owners of these stolen bicycles?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111925/4-stolen-bikes_North-Bristol.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Do you recognise these you bikes? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-08-29T14:30+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/do-you-recognise-these-you-bikes/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:30 on 29th August 2019
title: Do you recognise these you bikes? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/do-you-recognise-these-you-bikes/
```

**Can you help us find the owners of these stolen bicycles?**

These four high value bicycles were seized from a property in Lawrence Weston earlier today (Thursday 29 August).

The bikes are believed to have been stolen from properties in the North Bristol area.

The bikes are:

 * A Genesis CDA 20 in Orange.
 * A Specialised Status FSR Stumpjumper in black and blue.
 * A Voodoo Canzo full suspension in Silver and Orange.
 * A Calibre Bossnut in Orange and Black.

If you think any of these bicycle belong to you or you have any information which can help us return them to their original owners, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219198762.

**Members of the public are encouraged to follow these tips to keep their bicycles safe from thieves:**

 * Where possible, store your bicycles in your home.
 * If this isn’t possible, ensure they are kept in a secure outbuilding such as an alarmed and locked shed or garage.
 * Lock your bicycles to something immovable like a wall, the floor or a
 * Double lock your bikes using two quality locks, at least one of which is a D-lock.
 * Get your bikes security marked and registered at **BikeRegister** and **Immobilise**.
 * Record the details of your bicycles including noting the frame number (normally found underneath the bike between the pedals or where the back wheel slots in), the BikeRegister number plus any other distinguishing features, and take a photo.
