```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-22T15:15+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-22T15:15+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219097373'
og:
  description: We attended a community meeting today with our partner agencies to talk to residents about their concerns almost three weeks on from the fire in Speedwell&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112111/Fire-truck.jpg.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Statement following community meeting regarding fire at Strachan and Henshaw site | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-22T15:15+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/statement-following-community-meeting-regarding-fire-at-strachen-and-henshaw-site/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:15 on 22nd May 2019
title: Statement following community meeting regarding fire at Strachan and Henshaw site | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/statement-following-community-meeting-regarding-fire-at-strachen-and-henshaw-site/
```

Today we attended a community meeting, alongside our partners in Avon Fire and Rescue and Bristol City Council, to hear some of the concerns raised by residents and businesses following the fire at the Strachan and Henshaw site in Speedwell.

The meeting was held at The Crofts End Church not far from the site of the fire, which took place on Friday May 3.

DI Roger Doxsey, senior investigating officer, gave the following update with regard to the police investigation:

“The site was too unsafe to get officers or forensic investigators on site in order to examine the scene.

“We used a drone to survey the area and get a good look inside the building to gather evidence to help us find out how the fire started.

“Our main lines of enquiry have been talking to witnesses, reviewing CCTV footage and reviewing the drone footage.

“My team is still working through hours of CCTV footage – it has been a key focus in our investigation.

“We have had lots of people come forward but if there is anyone still out there who was at the site on the night, or anyone who thinks they might have key information, I would urge them to come forward to talk to us.

“We were clear from the beginning that this was going to be treated as arson in order to give us the greatest resources and scope for capturing evidence in order to find out what started the fire.

“Looking at the evidence so far there is no indication that it was started deliberately but we still have CCTV to review and people to interview and we are keeping an open mind.”

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219097373 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
