```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-18T13:09+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-18T13:09+00:00
og:
  description: We have arrested two men from Bristol after a warrant was executed at a property in Easton yesterday evening (Wednesday 17 July).
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112007/Cannabis-seized.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Pair arrested for drugs&#x2d;related offences | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-18T13:09+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/pair-arrested-for-drugs-related-offences/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:09 on 18th July 2019
title: Pair arrested for drugs&#x2d;related offences | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/pair-arrested-for-drugs-related-offences/
```

A search of the property found £2,000 in cash, two ounces of suspected cannabis skunk, a zombie knife / machete, body armour as well as a number of mobile phones.

**We have arrested two men from Bristol after a warrant was executed at a property in Easton yesterday evening (Wednesday 17 July).**

Officers executed a warrant at a property on Carlyle Road in Easton in which a 21 year old man from Greenbank, Easton was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, and a 22 year old man from Cadbury Heath was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, and two counts of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

The 21 year old man was searched and found to be carrying £250 in cash whilst the 22 year old man was found in possession of a knife, cling film and two lumps of drugs suspected to be heroin and crack cocaine.

A search of the property found £2,000 in cash, two ounces of suspected cannabis skunk, a zombie knife / machete, body armour as well as a number of mobile phones.

Both men are currently detained in custody.

Easton Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Green, said: “These latest arrests are another important intervention we have made to reduce the harm caused by drugs in the communities of St Pauls and Easton.

“We are wholly committed to tackling this issue but accept this is not something which we can fix overnight and we are in this for the long haul.

“We know that local people appreciate our on-going work in their community. Residents tell me and my team every day that they are sick and tired of drugs being dealt in the streets where their children play and walk to school.

“Information we receive from the local community is really key to our work and we encourage anyone with whatever information they have – however insignificant it may seem – to please contact us. You don’t have to speak to us directly, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously. Rewards of up to £1,000 are offered for information leading to an arrest and charge.”
