```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-14T13:15+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-14T13:15+00:00
incident:
  reference: '52200170342'
og:
  description: CCTV images released of man suspected of attempted burglary in Shepton Mallet&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200914141252/Shepton-Mallet-CCTV.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following attempted burglary in Shepton Mallet | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-14T13:15+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/cctv-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-shepton-mallet/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:15 on 14th September 2020
title: CCTV appeal following attempted burglary in Shepton Mallet | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/cctv-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-shepton-mallet/
```

Officers from Operation Remedy have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with an attempted burglary in Shepton Mallet.

On Wednesday 15th July a set of keys were stolen from a vehicle parked outside a property in The Mead. That night, a man attempted to use the keys to gain access to the house, but the keys were for a different property.

His attempts to get into the house were captured on the camera in the doorbell. He is white and was wearing a hooded top, which has a grey hood.

PC Anthony Warren, from Operation Remedy, said: “This offender clearly thought he had stolen the keys for a particular house, but luckily it turned out that the car belongs to someone who has no connection to the property.

“The camera in the doorbell has captured some clear images of the man we’d like to speak to about this incident, so I am hoping someone may recognise him. Anyone that does recognise him is asked to get in touch.”

Operation Remedy is a proactive campaign across Avon and Somerset that targets residential burglary, knife crime and the illegal supply of controlled drugs.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 52200170342 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
