```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-22T09:44+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-22T08:49+00:00
og:
  description: The 17-year-old is due to appear at Bristol Magistrates Court on Friday 25 September.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111942/In-Court-White1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Teenager charged with offences involving weapons | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-22T09:44+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/teenager-charged-with-weapons-offences/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:49 on 22nd September 2020
title: Teenager charged with offences involving weapons | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/teenager-charged-with-weapons-offences/
```

A teenager is due to appear in court this week after being charged following incidents involving weapons in Bristol.

The 17-year-old male, from Essex, has been charged with two counts of threatening a person with a bladed article in a public place, one of criminal damage, one of threatening a person with an offensive weapon and one of possession of a bladed article in a public place.

The charges relate to the following incidents:

 * A disorder on Wednesday 26 August in the Highridge Green area in Bristol. A Mercedes was damaged but nobody injured. A 16-year-old male has also been charged in relation to the same incident. He is next due in court on Wednesday 30 September.
 * During a confrontation involving a number of people in Knowle on 14 September, it was reported one male had a machete. No-one was injured. Two other males were arrested and have been released under investigation.
 * Reports of a disorder involving a number of people with weapons near the car park of Hengrove Leisure Centre at approximately 1.35pm on Tuesday 15 September. One person suffered a minor injury. Four other males were arrested and enquiries are ongoing.

The 17-year-old has been remanded at a youth detention centre and is due to next appear at Bristol Magistrates Court on Friday 25 September.
