```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-02T17:28+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-06-30T11:35+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220140603'
og:
  description: A man in his 40s suffered stab wounds in Weston-super-Mare in the early hours of Saturday 27 June.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200422112141/Arrest-made.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Five arrests in murder inquiry after man dies &#x2d; Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-02T17:28+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/06/five-arrests-in-murder-inquiry-after-man-dies-weston-super-mare/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:35 on 30th June 2020
title: Five arrests in murder inquiry after man dies &#x2d; Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/06/five-arrests-in-murder-inquiry-after-man-dies-weston-super-mare/
```

There are 3 related updates to this story

 * 02 Jul 2020: Second murder charge in Weston-super-Mare investigation
 * 02 Jul 2020: Man charged with murder in Weston-super-Mare
 * 01 Jul 2020: Family tribute to 'kind and gentle' man - Weston-super-Mare

A murder investigation is being carried out after a man injured in Weston-super-Mare over the weekend died in the early hours of this morning (Tuesday 30 June).

Police were called to the Ridgeway Avenue area at about 12.05am on Saturday 27 June following a reported disturbance.

A man in his 40s was found seriously injured by officers and taken by paramedics to hospital in Bristol, but died today.

Four men, aged 27, 30, 31 and 56, are in custody having been arrested on suspicion of murder.

A 30-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on Saturday. He's been released under investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector James Riccio said: "The victim sustained a number of stab wounds during the incident in the early hours of Saturday morning and we have sadly learned he has passed away today.

"Family liaison officers are providing support to his family and friends and our thoughts are with them at this incredibly difficult time.

"Enquiries into what happened began as soon as the incident occurred, but today's devastating news means it will now be classified as a murder investigation.

"We appreciate this tragic incident will cause a significant amount of concern within the local community but we'd stress that the risk to the wider public is extremely low. However, we'd encourage anyone who is concerned about the weekend's events to speak to an officer on patrol who will be able to provide advice and support."

Anyone with information about what happened should call the Major Crime Investigation Team on 101 and give the call-handler reference 5220140603. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
