```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-12T10:13+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-12T10:13+00:00
og:
  description: The annual awards recognise and reward dedicated officers, staff and volunteers for their hard work in ensuring our communities are safe.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112033/Graphic-Be-Proud-Awards.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Livestream the Be Proud Awards here tonight | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-12T10:13+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/watch-the-be-proud-awards-live-tonight/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:13 on 12th June 2019
title: Livestream the Be Proud Awards here tonight | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/watch-the-be-proud-awards-live-tonight/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 22 May 2019: Less than four weeks until Be Proud Awards 2019

We will be livestreaming this year's Be Proud Awards on our website this evening. Tune in and don't miss out on seeing your friends, family and colleagues celebrated for their outstanding contribution to policing in Avon and Somerset.

Live-streaming will begin at 8pm right here:

Hosted by Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens and Chief Constable Andy Marsh, the annual awards ceremony will be a taking place at Cadbury House Hotel.

The Be Proud awards recognise and reward the dedicated officers, staff and volunteers for their hard work in ensuring our communities are safe.

These awards are only possible thanks to the support of our proud partners including BT, SEA, Capita, Unison, Richmond Event Management and Double Tree Hilton Cadbury Hotel.

Categories include Neighbourhood Officer of The Year; Response Officer of The Year; Investigator of The Year; Police Staff Member of The Year; Police Support Volunteer of The Year; a Specialist Operations Award and Policing Team of The Year.

As well as watching the livestream here, you can also follow @ASPoliceLIVE on Twitter or @ASPolice on Instagram for updates throughout the evening.

Want to find out about career opportunities with our proud police family? Check out our current vacancies.
