```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-05T09:56+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-10-05T09:56+00:00
og:
  description: A murder inquiry was initially launched following the discovery of Hashim Awad&rsquo;s body on 8 March before the 20-year-old&rsquo;s death was later ruled non-suspicious&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201005104838/Hashim-Awad-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal to trace movements of man whose body was found in Avonmouth | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-05T09:56+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/appeal-to-trace-movements-of-man-whose-body-was-found-in-avonmouth/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:56 on 5th October 2020
title: Appeal to trace movements of man whose body was found in Avonmouth | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/appeal-to-trace-movements-of-man-whose-body-was-found-in-avonmouth/
```

Hashim Awad

Detectives carrying out enquiries on behalf of the coroner into the death of a man whose body was found in Avonmouth are appealing for help to build a picture of his final movements.

A murder inquiry was initially launched following the discovery of Hashim Awad’s body in water off Boundary Road on 8 March before the 20-year-old’s death was later ruled non-suspicious.

The coroner has opened and adjourned an inquest while officers continue to put together a file detailing what is known about the circumstances which led to Hashim’s death.

Detective Sergeant Steve Black said: “Since Hashim was identified we’ve been working hard to understand what was happening in his life in the days and weeks before he died.

“We know he was working at a number of warehouses in the Avonmouth area until December last year while we also know he was renting a room in a shared house in the Fishponds area of Bristol at the time.

“We have established he took a taxi from this house on Wednesday, 29 January to Avonmouth and we believe that was the day he died.

“Having spoken to his housemates it’s clear he wasn’t staying in the property throughout January while his possessions had also been removed from the house when officers searched it.

“In order to provide the coroner with all the evidence they need ahead of Hashim’s inquest we need to understand what he was doing and where he was living throughout January.

“Was he renting somewhere other than his shared house in Fishponds? Was he staying in a hotel or sleeping rough?

“Was he working and if so, where?

“We also haven’t recovered Hashim’s mobile phone which we suspect may be in the Avonmouth area where he was found.

“A thorough search was carried out after his body was discovered but the phone has not been found.

“If you have come across a mobile phone in the Boundary Road area of Avonmouth at any time since 29 January we’d be keen to hear from you.

“We’d also like to hear from anyone who has any other information about Hashim which could help provide answers to his family. Even if you think it is insignificant please don’t hesitate to tell us, it could be the difference between knowing what led to Hashim’s death and not.”

Anyone with information is asked to submit it via the Major Incident Public Portal.
