```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-10T10:24+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-10T10:24+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220265489'
og:
  description: Can you help our investigation?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112019/CCTV-Appeal.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal after cars damaged by fire &#x2d; Crewkerne | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-10T10:24+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-appeal-after-cars-damaged-by-fire-crewkerne/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:24 on 10th December 2020
title: CCTV appeal after cars damaged by fire &#x2d; Crewkerne | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-appeal-after-cars-damaged-by-fire-crewkerne/
```

We're asking any witnesses to an act of criminal damage in Crewkerne last month to come forward.

At about 5.30am on Wednesday 25 November we were notified by Devon and Somerset Fire Service that a number of vehicles had been damaged in a fire in Langmead Square.

On arrival officers found two cars had been damaged. A third vehicle was reported later in the day to have suffered fire damage in the same incident.

CCTV and house-to-house enquiries have been undertaken and footage shows a man to the right hand side of the picture who we want to speak to in connection with our enquiries.

PC Robert Langridge said: "We appreciate the footage does not show clearly the male we want to identify, but hope someone may recognise his clothing or remember seeing someone acting suspiciously in the area that night.

"A number of vehicles were damaged in this incident, but the fire could all too easily have spread to other property and put people in danger."

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220265489 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
