```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-04-29T11:02+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-04-29T11:02+00:00
og:
  description: A 39-year-old woman was struck with what appeared to be a handgun during the incident.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112133/E-fit-Westbury-on-Trym.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: E&#x2d;fit released in aggravated burglary inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-04-29T11:02+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/e-fit-released-in-aggravated-burglary-inquiry/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:02 on 29th April 2019
title: E&#x2d;fit released in aggravated burglary inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/e-fit-released-in-aggravated-burglary-inquiry/
```

An E-fit of one of men we're trying to identify

We’re releasing an E-fit of a man we want to identify as part of our investigation into an aggravated burglary in Westbury-on-Trym.

Three men forced their way into a house in Clover Ground at around 11pm on Tuesday 23 April.

One of the offenders produced what appeared to be a handgun and threatened the victim – a 39-year-old woman – before using it to strike her in the face.

A child was also in the property at the time.

The man in the E-fit is described as black with light skin, about 6ft 2ins, of medium build and his late teens or early twenties. He was wearing a thin black jacket, which was zipped up with the hood covering his face, dark tracksuit bottoms, dark Nike trainers and black gloves. He had the outline of a star tattooed under his left eye.

The second offender was black with light skin, about 5ft 9ins, of slim build and in his late teens or early twenties. He was wearing a black padded jacket with hood on and the coat zipped up to cover his face, dark tracksuit bottoms and dark Nike trainers.

The third offender was black with light skin, about 5ft 9ins, of slim build and in his late teens or early twenties. He was wearing a black coat with the hood up and it was also zipped up to cover his face, dark tracksuit bottoms and dark trainers.

If you recognise the man in the E-fit, or have information about this incident, please call DC Richard Glanville in Investigations on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219088686.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
