```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-23T14:14+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-23T14:14+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219243795'
og:
  description: We are encouraging residents in Bedminster, Long Ashton and Southville to ensure their sheds and outbuildings are secure following a number of burglaries across these areas between last Wednesday (16&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111855/Police-appeal-officersd.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Residents warned to be vigilant following spate of burglaries in parts of South Bristol and North Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-23T14:14+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/residents-warned-to-be-vigilant-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-parts-of-south-bristol-and-north-somerset/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:14 on 23rd October 2019
title: Residents warned to be vigilant following spate of burglaries in parts of South Bristol and North Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/residents-warned-to-be-vigilant-following-spate-of-burglaries-in-parts-of-south-bristol-and-north-somerset/
```

**We are encouraging residents in Bedminster, Long Ashton and Southville to ensure their sheds and outbuildings are secure following a number of burglaries across these areas between last Wednesday (16 Oct) and Saturday (19 Oct).**

**** A total of eight burglaries have been reported where criminals have targeted sheds and garages and stolen a number of bicycles, as well as tools in one instance.

Investigations have identified entry has been gained through force, using bolt croppers and the removal of screws, and have taken place overnight.

Officers are investigating a number of leads and members of the public are asked to get in touch if they have any information which can help with the investigation.

Residents are encouraged to take note of the following burglary crime prevention advice, particularly regarding securing bicycles in sheds and garages:

 * Sheds are easy targets for burglars – really consider what valuables you are happy to store in a shed, including your bicycles.
 * If this isn’t possible, ensure they are kept in a secure outbuilding such as an alarmed and locked shed or garage.
 * Lock your bicycles to something immovable like a wall, the floor or a
 * Double lock your bikes using two quality locks, at least one of which is a D-lock.
 * Get your bikes security marked and registered at **BikeRegister** and **Immobilise**.
 * Keep entrances to your property easily visible by ensuring nearby hedges and trees are well maintained.
 * Ensure any side gates are securely locked to prevent unwanted access to the rear of
 * Where possible install a visual burglar alarm and an outside security light, ideally one of which is sensor-activated.
 * Consider joining your local Neighbourhood Watch scheme.

Inspector Andy Peppin commented: “We are committed to identifying and arresting those responsible for this latest spate of burglaries and are working hard to recover and return the stolen belongings.

“Our investigation is ongoing and we are working closely with the victims. We are keen to hear from any members of the public who might have any information which could help with our enquiries.

“Despite our continued efforts to tackle and reduce the numbers of burglaries across Avon and Somerset, sadly some individuals continue to break the law. We encourage local residents to follow this latest burglary prevention advice and help make it as difficult as possible for criminals to commit a burglary.”

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219243795 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
