```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-04-25T12:39+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-04-25T12:39+00:00
og:
  description: The warrant was carried out in New Kingsley Road on Wednesday.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112139/Drugs-seized.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Drugs and weapons seized as warrant carried out in St Philip&#8217;s | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-04-25T12:39+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/drugs-and-weapons-seized-as-warrant-carried-out-in-st-philips/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:39 on 25th April 2019
title: Drugs and weapons seized as warrant carried out in St Philip&#8217;s | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/drugs-and-weapons-seized-as-warrant-carried-out-in-st-philips/
```

Some of the drugs seized

Intelligence received from the local community has resulted in a successful warrant being carried out at a property in the St Philip's area of Bristol.

Neighbourhood and response officers were involved in the operation at a flat in New Kingsley Road at just before 6pm yesterday.

A large quantity of suspected class A drugs were seized from the flat, along with cash, an air pistol and an axe, which was found under a mattress.

A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and he remains in custody.

An axe was found under a mattress

PC Craig Johnson said: “We received information from the local community about anti-social behaviour at a flat in New Kingsley Road which directly resulted in the warrant carried out yesterday.

“All the drugs and weapons found in the flat have been seized and one man has been arrested in connection with our ongoing enquiries.

“Officers from the Neighbourhood Policing Team will continue to target and disrupt drug-dealing in and around The Dings and St Philip’s Marsh and I’d encourage any members of the public with information regarding this type of activity to contact us.”

An air pistol was seized

You don’t have to speak to us directly, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously. Rewards of up to £1000 are offered for information leading to an arrest and charge.

You can report suspicious activity via the Avon and Somerset Police website or by calling 101. It’s always 999 if a crime is in progress.

Or you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their website.
