```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-24T09:49+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-10-24T09:49+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220236047'
og:
  description: The incident happened on Saturday 17 October, between 9pm and 10pm, in the Millennium Square area.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200412213918/Can-You-Help_Car-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal for information following sexual assault in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-24T09:49+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:49 on 24th October 2020
title: Appeal for information following sexual assault in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-bristol/
```

Police investigating a sexual assault in Bristol last weekend are releasing a description of three men they want to identify as part of their ongoing enquiries.

It happened on Saturday 17 October, between 9pm and 10pm, in the Millennium Square area.

High-visibility patrols have been increased in the area as a result and the victim is being offered all the specialist support she needs.

We're keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and recognises the descriptions of three men we wish to speak to.

**They are described as:**

 * Male 1 - approximately 19-20 years old, black, of slim build, with cornrows in small buns/knots on head. He was said to be wearing a black and grey tracksuit.
 * Male 2 - approximately 19-20 years old, black, of slim build, with a black afro hairstyle hair, in cornrows, coloured red and yellow on top.
 * Male 3 - believed to be in their early to mid-20s, black and of a bigger build than the other two. He's said to have been wearing tracksuit bottoms.

Anyone who can help with our enquiries is asked to call 101 and give reference 5220236047.

Victims of rape or sexual assault, recent or non-recent, can self-refer to The Bridge, a Sexual Assault Referral Centre available 24/7 365 days a year. You can visit their website or call 0117 342 6999. You can also visit www.thisisnotanexcuse.org for details of charities and organisations who are experts in supporting victims.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
