```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-21T13:11+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-21T13:11+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220225215'
og:
  description: The victim was approached by two men who threatened him with a knife and demanded money.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112019/CCTV-Appeal.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following knifepoint robbery in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-21T13:11+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-appeal-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:11 on 21st December 2020
title: CCTV appeal following knifepoint robbery in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/cctv-appeal-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-bristol/
```

We’re appealing for information following a robbery at Narrow Quay, Bristol which happened between 11pm and Midnight on Sunday 4 October.

The victim, a man in his 30s, was approached by two men who threatened him with a knife and demanded money. They took his wallet which contained several bank cards.

The victim sustained a minor leg injury whilst trying to get away, which required medical treatment.

We’re releasing CCTV footage of two teenage boys police are keen to speak to in connection with this incident. The footage suggests that they walked from the direction of Canon’s way into Millennium square and across Pero’s bridge, and may have approached a number of groups of people prior to this incident.

https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201221130700/8081BB07-Narrow-Quay.mp4

They are described as being around 14 to 15 years old, of small build, wearing long sleeve thin puffer jackets with hoods up. One of the jackets had a distinctive white stripe across the chest.
If you recognise them, or have any information that could assist police with their investigation, please call 101 quoting reference 5220225215.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220225215 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
