```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-11T14:15+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-11T14:13+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220152774'
og:
  description: We&#039;re investigating five linked incidents which happened on The Downs in Bristol on the evening of Friday 10 July.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191212153715/Can-you-help-rural.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Extra patrols in place following robbery series on The Downs | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-11T14:15+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/extra-patrols-in-place-following-robbery-series-on-the-downs/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:13 on 11th July 2020
title: Extra patrols in place following robbery series on The Downs | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/extra-patrols-in-place-following-robbery-series-on-the-downs/
```

Extra patrols are in place this weekend following a series of robberies on The Downs in Bristol which are being treated as linked.

An investigation is under way into the series, which happened at around 8pm last night.

The victims, who were all aged between 15 and 18 years old, were separately approached by a large group of teenagers who demanded they hand over property, including speakers, bank cards, cash and in one case a bicycle.

The offenders were described as being black or mixed race and all aged in their early to mid-teens.

DI Clem Goodwin said: “This was a linked series of robberies in which young people on The Downs were approached, threatened and had their property taken.

“Some of the victims were assaulted by being punched, kicked or struck with a wooden stick, while in one of the incident a teenage boy who tried to intervene was assaulted and suffered a broken nose.

“Officers attended The Downs and took some of the victims in cars to search the area but the offenders could not be picked out or located.

“We’re now carrying out further enquiries and will be taking statements from all the victims and reviewing CCTV from around the area.

“Extra patrols will take place over the weekend to deter further offences and provide reassurance.

“If anyone has information on those involved, or has been a victim of an offence and not yet disclosed it to the police, please get in touch."

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220152774 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
