```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-17T15:38+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-17T14:58+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220185590'
og:
  description: We&rsquo;re appealing for witnesses and information following a car theft in which the owner of the vehicle was knocked down and injured.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191216103559/Can-you-help-radio.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal for information following car theft in Crewkerne | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-17T15:38+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-for-information-following-car-theft-in-crewkerne/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:58 on 17th August 2020
title: Appeal for information following car theft in Crewkerne | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-for-information-following-car-theft-in-crewkerne/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses and information following a car theft in which the owner of the vehicle was knocked down and injured.

The incident happened on West Street, Crewkerne last night (Sunday, 16 August) at about 9.45 pm.

The car, a Volkswagen Golf, was stolen by two men while it was parked outside the owner’s address with the keys in the ignition.

The 23-year-old victim, who was collecting belongings from his property, ran into the road to attempt to stop the offenders and was knocked to the floor. He suffered minor injuries which didn’t require hospital treatment.

The offenders drove off in the direction of Crewkerne High Street. Several items in the car belonging to the victim were also taken, including a Macbook Pro, a Black Samsung mobile phone, Beats headphones and various clothing.

The offenders are described as:

1\. Driver: a white man, of skinny build with brown straight hair and a spotty complexion, aged between 18-35 and wearing black a hoody.
2\. Passenger: a white man with brown hair wearing black clothing.

Police have conducted house-to-house enquiries and are keen to hear from anyone who may have CCTV or dash cam footage of the offenders.

We’d also like to hear from anyone with information on the whereabouts of the vehicle, a 61 plate red Volkswagen golf with black alloys and a GB sticker on the rear.

If you can help, call 101, quoting reference 5220185590.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220185590 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
