```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-22T12:29+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-22T12:29+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219243085'
og:
  description: We have discovered and seized over 780 cannabis plants in two industrial units in Thornbury, estimated to be worth in excess of &pound;780,000 in potential street value.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111827/Cannabis-plants_Thornbury.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: "Over \xA3780,000 worth of cannabis uncovered in South Gloucestershire | Avon and Somerset Police"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-22T12:29+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/over-780000-worth-of-cannabis-uncovered-in-south-gloucestershire/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:29 on 22nd October 2019
title: "Over \xA3780,000 worth of cannabis uncovered in South Gloucestershire | Avon and Somerset Police"
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/over-780000-worth-of-cannabis-uncovered-in-south-gloucestershire/
```

**We have discovered and seized over 780 cannabis plants in two industrial units in Thornbury, estimated to be worth in excess of £780,000 in potential street value.**

This latest seizure follows another significant discovery last month where more than 1,000 cannabis plants with a potential street value of more than £1.1m were seized from an industrial unit in Kingswood.

The 786 cannabis plants were found on Sunday afternoon following information provided by a member of the public that led officers to an industrial estate in Thornbury.

Upon investigating the area, officers could smell what they believed to be cannabis and could also hear a low humming noise from one of the units. A closer inspection found a door slightly open which revealed a large amount of cannabis plants.

Further searches identified a second unit to also be containing cannabis plants.

No arrests have yet been made and enquiries are ongoing.

South Gloucestershire Neighbourhood Inspector, Clive Summerill, commented: “This is another important find and we are committed to identifying those responsible for cultivating this significant amount of cannabis.

“The amount seized is clearly not for personal use and the suspects are organised criminals who we believe are exploiting vulnerable people as part of their operation.

“This is a real blow to the criminals and our message is clear – we will use all of our resources to identify, arrest and convict you and we will not stop in our efforts in preventing these drugs getting onto the streets of our local communities where they can and do cause serious harm.

“As always, we are really grateful for information provided to us by members of the public and encourage anyone who might be able to help with our investigation to get in touch.”

_Cannabis grows – the signs to look for:_

 * _A strong vegetable smell_
 * _Windows covered from the inside with plastic or polythene_
 * _Condensation on windows_
 * _Curtains always drawn_
 * _House appearing unoccupied, or tenants who do not engage with their neighbours._

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219243085 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
