```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
og:
  description: Rogue trading offences reported in north Bristol. Alert to warn residents&#8230;
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Warning of rogue traders operating in Bristol North | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/warning-of-rogue-traders-operating-in-bristol-north/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:17 on 29th April 2019
title: Warning of rogue traders operating in Bristol North | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/warning-of-rogue-traders-operating-in-bristol-north/
```

An increase in rogue trading offences have been reported in north Bristol over the last few days.

Beat manager PC Harding said: “We would like to make residents aware of the increased reports so that people know what to look out for.

“If you have elderly or vulnerable family members please check in on them and make them aware of rogue traders operating in their area.

“Advise your loved ones to:

 * Never use companies who make unsolicited calls, don't provide written contracts or who offer to do work for cash.
 * Where possible, have a safety chain, intercom or video doorbell/viewer fitted and always attach the chain/use the intercom or viewer before opening the door to strangers.
 * Check whether traders are members of the Local Authority Assured Trader scheme or the government Trust Mark scheme.
 * Call us on 101 to report suspicious activity. Alternatively if an unexpected caller makes you feel alarmed or intimidated call 999

Three people have reported cold callers knocking on their doors in Stoke Bishop, Henleaze and Clifton and asking for money to do roof work or tree cutting.

All reports described a group of men speaking with Irish accents, wearing orange helmets and high visibility trousers and driving white vans.

Here you can find more advice on doorstep crime

If you are concerned about people behaving suspiciously or rogue traders in your area please call 101 and report it to your local neighbourhood team.
