```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-25T13:10+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-25T13:10+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220190525'
og:
  description: The suspects also punched the teenager&#039;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112800/Crimestoppers-NHW-logos-on-car_web-e1541073955989.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal after boy, 14, robbed of bike &#x2d; Clevedon | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-25T13:10+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-after-boy-14-robbed-of-bike-clevedon/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:10 on 25th August 2020
title: Appeal after boy, 14, robbed of bike &#x2d; Clevedon | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-after-boy-14-robbed-of-bike-clevedon/
```

We're appealing for witnesses and information after a 14-year-old boy was robbed of his bike in Clevedon.

It happened at about 8pm on Saturday 22 August at the skate park near Marine Lake/Salthouse Fields.

Two young men approached the teenager as he was out with friends. One of them demanded he hand over his bike and threatened to stab him, although no weapon was seen. The suspects also punched his friend, also aged 14.

The offenders then made off towards the Triangle with the bike - an Orange-brand mountain bike, green with red on the forks.

Suspect 1 is described as a white man, aged about 19, wearing a blue tracksuit and blue trainers, while the second man was also white and wore black joggers and a white T-shirt. He had a distinctive full neck tattoo with a gap in the middle.

Were you in the area of the skate park, Salthouse Fields and the Marine Lake on Saturday evening?

Or have you seen the bike offered for sale?

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220190525 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
