```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-11-12T08:40+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-11-04T10:38+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220220732'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a robbery in Hengrove play park, Bristol in the early hours of Tuesday 29 September.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112019/CCTV-Appeal.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV Appeal following robbery in Hengrove | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-11-12T08:40+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-hengrove/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:38 on 4th November 2020
title: CCTV Appeal following robbery in Hengrove | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/11/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-hengrove/
```

Police are appealing for information following a robbery in Hengrove play park, Bristol in the early hours of Tuesday 29 September.

The victim, a man in his late 30s, was approached by four men armed with weapons who jumped out of the bushes and attempted to take his belongings. The victim resisted and was assaulted, causing minor injuries.

The men then ran off with the victim’s scooter, which was later recovered and returned to him.

We’re releasing CCTV footage of three men that police are keen to speak to in connection with the incident, which happened between 12.25am and 12.50am.

https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201104103707/5220220732-ROBBERY.mp4

They are described as:

1\. A man wearing a grey hoodie with the hood up, black clothes, a woolly beanie hat and a face mask.
2\. A man approximately 5ft 2in tall, wearing a dark green north face jacket also with his hood up, dark tracksuit bottoms, and a face mask.
3\. A man approximately 5ft 10 in tall, wearing a dark puffy jacket and dark tracksuit bottoms, of medium build.

Officers are also keen to speak to a fourth unidentified man who was with them.

If you recognise them, or have information that could help police with their inquiry, contact 101 quoting crime reference 5220220732.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220220732 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
