```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-25T15:48+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-25T15:48+00:00
og:
  description: New image and footage released as part of investigation into violent disorder.
  image: https://cdn.aspolice.net/tasks/production/79/img/default-2x.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Further image and footage released as part of appeal into violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-25T15:48+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/further-image-and-footage-released-as-part-of-appeal-into-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:48 on 25th March 2021
title: Further image and footage released as part of appeal into violent disorder in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/further-image-and-footage-released-as-part-of-appeal-into-violent-disorder-in-bristol/
```

There are 2 related updates to this story

 * 24 Mar 2021: Clear progress being made in investigation into violent disorder in Bristol
 * 23 Mar 2021: Images released as part of investigation into Bristol disorder

We’re releasing footage of a specific incident which occurred during the violent disorder in Bristol on Sunday.

The footage shows the moment a lit item was placed under a police van, while a police officer was inside.

A still image of the man we’d like to identify in connection with this incident has also been added to our online gallery – he is Person L.

Do you recognise the man who puts an item under the police van?

The officer, who was inside the van, has described first hearing on the radio how colleagues were being injured outside the Bridewell police station.

“I was aware from the radio that my colleagues were under attack outside the front of Bridewell police station where damage had been caused…I could hear screaming and shouting from the officers as they were being attacked – a call was made for vehicles to be used to assist officers.

“The only way to protect my colleagues was to place the vehicle across, side on, in front of them to offer protection. There were glass bottles, rocks as big as fists, pallets, fences and other objects strewn across the road and being used against the police.

“Whilst in the vehicle, a number of people attempted to gain entry to it, however the vehicle was bolted shut.

“I was aware of the smell of burning and CCTV reported that people were attempting to set the vehicle tyres alight, with me still in it, and so I began to prepare to decamp the vehicle.”

Ch Supt Carolyn Belafonte, who is overseeing the investigation into the disorder, said: “This officer’s account is just one of many we’ve gathered from our colleagues at the scene of this terrifying incident. It’s upsetting to hear how colleagues feared for their lives that night and it strengthens our resolve to bring all those responsible to justice.

“Our investigation is continuing at pace but it is painstaking work.

“Our online gallery, which currently has 18 images within it, has been viewed more than 80,000 times since it was launched – and we’ve received more than 200 calls and around 280 evidential submissions from the public to date. This is a phenomenal response and we’re grateful for every piece of information.

“I would ask people to look at the latest image we have released and call us if you know who it is - or you can provide information via a dedicated form on our website

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
