```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-02-12T10:10+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-02-12T10:10+00:00
og:
  description: The first school in East Bristol to launch the Mini Police scheme&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112346/phone-028.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: St Barnabas C of E Primary School sign students up for Mini Police | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-02-12T10:10+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/02/st-barnabas-c-of-e-primary-school-sign-students-up-for-mini-police/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:10 on 12th February 2019
title: St Barnabas C of E Primary School sign students up for Mini Police | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/02/st-barnabas-c-of-e-primary-school-sign-students-up-for-mini-police/
```

Beat Manager PC Ellie Doue (left), PCSO Mohamed El Hag Gremany (far left) and PCSOs Louise Thayer (left), Jacqueline Harper (right) at St Barnabas C of E Primary School with students

Avon and Somerset Police are pleased to announce the launch of the first scheme in East Bristol at St Barnabas C of E Primary School.

The scheme was first launched in South Bristol, in autumn 2017 and has been so successful that it is now being rolled out more widely across the force with another 22 units set to launch over the next 12 months.

Students were joined by Beat Manager PC Elle Douel, PCSO Mohamed El Hag Gremany a new recruit in the St Pauls area, as well as PCSOs Louise Thayer and Jacqueline Harper who will be running the scheme.

The local neighbourhood policing team will deliver the scheme in partnership with the school and offers primary school children the chance to build positive relationships with their local police team, whilst helping out in their school and the wider community.

Children and young people will learn what it means to be a police officer and the importance of the community working with police to help protect them from crime.

By engaging with children and young people from an early age, the Mini Police aims to reduce future demand, discussing how getting involved in criminality can affect their lives. Police also hope to plant the seed that policing could offer future opportunities to them either through volunteering as a Cadet, or as a career path.

PCSO Louise Thayer said: “We’re very pleased to be launching East Bristol’s first Mini Police scheme. Children are proud to put on their uniform and be part of a force for good in their school and the community, as well as learn about what our officers do.

"It is so important for young people to understand how acts of crime and anti-social behaviour can directly affect victims, as well understanding the importance of respecting the law and setting a positive example for their peers.”

Jon Barr, Head Teacher St Barnabas C of E Primary School, said: “St Barnabas is very excited to be working with our local police team on the Mini Police project. We want to help our local police work closely with the communities of Montpelier and St Pauls. Our children believe strongly in our value of justice and our Mini Police will be helping our school, our community and our local police to ‘Let Their Light Shine.”

The scheme has been funded by the National Volunteer Police Cadets (NVPC).
