```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
og:
  description: Two men and two women have been charged in connection with an investigation into the sexual exploitation of women at suspected brothels in Bristol&#8230;
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Sexual exploitation inquiry sees four charged | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/sexual-exploitation-inquiry-sees-four-charged/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:37 on 4th August 2020
title: Sexual exploitation inquiry sees four charged | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/sexual-exploitation-inquiry-sees-four-charged/
```

We’ve charged four people as part of an investigation into the sexual exploitation of women.

Marin Dorin Grigore, 28, of Tudor Road, Bristol and Alexandru Robert Dita, 30, of Burchells Green Road, Kingswood, South Gloucestershire have been charged with controlling prostitution for gain, arranging or facilitating travel of a person with a view to exploitation and acquiring, using and/or possessing criminal property.

They appeared at Bristol Magistrates Court on Thursday (30 July) where they were remanded into custody pending a further appearance at Bristol Crown Court on 28 August.

Adriana-Alina Dita, 26 and Mirela Mincu, 32, both of Roman Road, Bristol were also last night charged with controlling prostitution for gain.

They remain in police custody and are due before Bristol Magistrates’ Court this morning (4 August).

The inquiry relates to the sexual exploitation of a number of Romanian nationals at suspected brothels in Bristol and at locations across the Avon and Somerset area.

Five women connected to the investigation have been spoken to by specialist officers and offered support.

If you have been affected by this inquiry or would like to report concerns but don’t want to talk to police you can speak to the independent charity Unseen. You can call Unseen for confidential advice or to make a report via 08000 121 700, by visiting www.modernslaveryhelpline.org, or by downloading their app by searching ‘Unseen UK’ in app stores.
