```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-04T14:11+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-04T14:11+00:00
og:
  description: Peter Masters was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 3 September) to 20 months in prison for drugs supply offences.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111922/Peter-Masters_for-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Barton Hill man convicted of drugs supply offences | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-04T14:11+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/barton-hill-man-convicted-of-drugs-supply-offences/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:11 on 4th September 2019
title: Barton Hill man convicted of drugs supply offences | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/barton-hill-man-convicted-of-drugs-supply-offences/
```

**Peter Masters was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 3 September) to 20 months in prison for drugs supply offences.**

Masters, 39 of Goulter Street in Barton Hill was arrested on 26 July when officers attended the intended delivery address of a package intercepted by UK Border Force containing what was believed to be approximately 4,100 tabs of the LSD drug estimated to have a street value of £41,000, concealed inside a magazine.

Upon attending the intended delivery address, officers arrested a 35 year old man suspected to be the recipient of the intercepted package, on suspicion of the importation of Class A drugs.

Whilst officers were searching the property of the arrested man, Masters arrived at the property and fled upon realising police officers were present.

A chase ensued and officers successfully detained Masters who was found to be carrying a large amount of cannabis resin. A search of what was believed to be Masters’ bedroom in the same property also found three large tubs of cannabis believed to be worth around £5,000, resulting in Masters being arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs.

A further search of the property also found drugs paraphernalia including a large amount of cannabis oil, magic mushrooms and cannabis resin with a believed further street value in excess of £10,000,

Masters appeared at Bristol Magistrates Court on 27 July charged with three counts of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs where he pleaded guilty to all charges. He was remanded in custody until he appeared at Bristol Crown Court yesterday.

The 35 year old man has been bailed until 25 October.
