```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-15T11:13+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-15T11:13+00:00
og:
  description: Police searches are being carried out at properties in Worle and Portishead.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112132/Twitter-ASPolice-Crest-and-Blue-Lights-Image-Post-728x409px.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Update on searches following incident in Worle | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-15T11:13+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/update-on-searches-following-incident-in-worle/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:13 on 15th May 2019
title: Update on searches following incident in Worle | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/update-on-searches-following-incident-in-worle/
```

There are 3 related updates to this story

 * 15 May 2019: Update on investigation following incident in Worle
 * 14 May 2019: Further update on Worle incident
 * 14 May 2019: Update on investigation into Worle incident

The investigation into an incident in Worle in which two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion is continuing today.

The Royal Engineers Search Team have now completed searches at two residential premises – in Appletree Court, Worle and Forth Avenue in Portishead. Police officers are completing these searches today.

There continues to be no risk to the wider public and the incident is not being treated as terrorism or domestic terrorism related.

A device was recovered by the Army’s Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit (EOD) yesterday in a lane at Appletree Court, which we believe was responsible for the loud bangs heard by residents. It was made safe and no further devices were found or are suspected to exist.

DI Rich Horsfall said: “We’d like to reiterate our thanks to the public for their support through yesterday’s disruption.

“The cordons are now confined to the two properties to allow for police-led searches to take place, so the impact on the wider public should be minimal.

“We’d also like to thank all the agencies who’ve supported our investigation, including the EOD which provided specialist skills and expertise.

“We’re continuing to question two men, aged 20 and 21, and they remain in custody at this time.”
