```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-07T14:30+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-07T14:30+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219097373'
og:
  description: Emergency services were called to the fire off Foundry Lane, Bristol on Friday night (3 May).
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112130/Scene-tape-4.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Inquiry into Speedwell fire continues | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-07T14:30+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/inquiry-into-speedwell-fire-continues/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:30 on 7th May 2019
title: Inquiry into Speedwell fire continues | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/inquiry-into-speedwell-fire-continues/
```

The investigation into the cause of fire at an industrial unit in Bristol continues today.

Emergency services were called to the fire off Foundry Lane in the Speedwell area of the city on Friday night (3 May).

The fire service extinguished the fire and investigators are now working to determine how it started. However, this may take some time as building is currently deemed to be unsafe, meaning access isn’t currently possible.

The fire is currently being treated as suspicious.

Detective Inspector Roger Doxsey said: “We appreciate the impact this incident has had on local residents and businesses and we’re grateful for the understanding and patience they’ve shown so far.

“We’re working hard to understand what happened but due to the fact the building is unsafe, this may take some time.

“I appreciate the cordons in place are disruptive but they are there in the interests of public safety. We have managed to reduce the size of the cordon around the scene today but some road closures still remain in place.

“We continue to appeal to for anyone who was in the area on Friday evening who may have seen something suspicious, or anyone who thinks they may have information which could help us, to get in touch.”

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219097373 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
