```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-17T13:40+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-17T13:40+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219152512'
og:
  description: A large amount of cash was stolen from an elderly couple by four men who carried out unscheduled gardening work&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112008/Henbury-E-fit-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: E&#x2d;fit released as part of distraction burglary appeal | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-17T13:40+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/e-fit-released-as-part-of-distraction-burglary-appeal/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:40 on 17th July 2019
title: E&#x2d;fit released as part of distraction burglary appeal | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/e-fit-released-as-part-of-distraction-burglary-appeal/
```

Do you know this man?

Do you recognise the man depicted in this E-fit?

We need to identify and speak to him in connection with a distraction burglary in north Bristol.

Four men carried out unscheduled gardening for an elderly couple in the Henbury area for approximately 15 minutes before charging a large sum.

One of the offenders followed one of the victims into their bedroom when he went to get cash to pay the bill.

The offender then distracted the couple in a different room while his accomplices entered the house through a back window and stole a large amount of cash.

As part of our investigation specialist crime scene investigators have examined the scene while officers have also carried out house to house enquiries.

If you recognise the man depicted in the E-fit, or have information which could help our inquiry, please call 101 and provide the call handler with the reference 5219152512.

**Doorstep crime prevention tips include:**

 * never open the door to an unexpected caller until you’ve checked their identification – use a door chain or viewer, intercom or a ‘smart’ doorbell. Genuine callers expect it
 * if you’re not sure, don’t open the door
 * if you are suspicious of a caller tell us straight away - ring 999 if you feel threatened or intimidated, otherwise call 101
 * keep your cash in the bank, not at home
 * keep windows and doors secured if you’re not in the room
 * if you see someone calling door-to-door, but only on frail or elderly neighbours, call 999 straight away
 * nominate a neighbour to help you deal with unexpected callers
 * join Neighbourhood Watch
