```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-13T12:51+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-02T14:04+00:00
og:
  description: Officers from Operation Remedy have led several operations over the course of the weekend resulting in a number of arrests in relation to burglary and the illegal supply of drugs.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200422112141/Arrest-made.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Arrests by Operation Remedy result in fewer drug dealers and burglars on the street | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-13T12:51+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/arrests-by-operation-remedy-result-in-fewer-drug-dealers-and-burglars-on-the-street/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:04 on 2nd July 2020
title: Arrests by Operation Remedy result in fewer drug dealers and burglars on the street | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/arrests-by-operation-remedy-result-in-fewer-drug-dealers-and-burglars-on-the-street/
```

Officers from Operation Remedy have led several operations over the course of the weekend resulting in a number of arrests in relation to burglary and the illegal supply of drugs.

Operation Remedy is a co-ordinated effort launched in April 2019 to improve force performance in relation to residential burglary, knife crime and the illegal supply of controlled drugs.

Some of the recent operations have resulted in the following:
• A 28-year-old man was arrested on Friday 26 June after officers seized 227 cannabis plants worth approximately £220k from a property in Fishponds, Bristol. He’s since been charged with being concerned in the production of class B drugs and abstracting electricity and remanded in custody.
• A 41-year-old man was arrested on Thursday 25 June following a stop and search of a vehicle in on Fishponds Road in which a quantity of cannabis was seized. The man has been released under investigation.
• Two men were arrested on Friday 26 June after a vehicle was stopped close to the M5 services at Wellington. A total of £140,000 in cash and an estimated 3.5kg of suspected class A drugs, including heroin and cocaine, were seized. The pair have been released under investigation.
• A 53-year-old man was arrested and later charged with one count of dwelling burglary on Whitehall Road, Redfield in Bristol. He’s appeared in court and has been remanded in custody to next appear at Bristol Crown Court on 24 July.

**Superintendent Mark Evans, from Operation Remedy, said** : “It’s been an extremely positive few days with some significant results, which highlights our commitment to tackling the crimes that are the most important to local people and ultimately keep our communities safe.

“All our work is the result of a co-ordinated effort involving officers and staff from a range of teams including response, neighbourhood, investigations and intelligence.

“While we’re extremely pleased with the outcomes of our latest operations, we know there’s still more to be done and our officers will continue to work around-the-clock to track down offenders and bring them to justice.”

**Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens added:** “I really welcome the latest results from the Op Remedy team and it is reassuring to know that the police are dealing with the concerns that matter most to local people including removing drugs from our neighbourhoods, reducing burglary and tackling knife crime.

“I know Op Remedy officers and staff are determined to bring offenders to justice to keep local people safe and I want to say a big thank you for their hard-work. While there have been great results achieved so far, there’s still plenty more to be done and I will continue to support the police’s focus on tackling knife crime, drugs and burglary.”
