```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-11T11:41+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-10T15:06+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220201618'
og:
  description: The victim was left bruised and shaken by the unprovoked assault&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200403084421/Can-you-help-car-night.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Witness appeal following assault on Old Market Street, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-11T11:41+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/witness-appeal-following-assult-on-old-market-street-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:06 on 10th September 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault on Old Market Street, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/witness-appeal-following-assult-on-old-market-street-bristol/
```

We’re appealing for information following an assault which happened last Friday (4 September) between 11pm and midnight on Old Market Street, Bristol.

The victim, an-18 year-old man from Bristol, was walking on the left hand side of the road approaching the traffic lights at the junction with Midland Road when he was approached by two men and assaulted in an apparently unprovoked attack.

The men, who aren’t thought to be known to the victim, are described as white, with eastern European accents.

The victim was left with bruising and minor injuries following the incident. Police are conducting a review of CCTV in the area and are keen for any witnesses to come forward.

Investigating officer Jacob Bullus said: “The victim sustained multiple injuries and is understandably shaken up by the incident.

“The assault happened by a busy main road and we believe there may be witnesses who could help us with our investigation.

“If you saw anything, please contact us on 101 quoting reference 5220201618."

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220201618 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
