```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-23T19:35+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-19T09:02+00:00
og:
  description: For the first time different parts of the Avon and Somerset policing area will be subject to different levels of restriction.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201204114657/J15359_COVID-19-update-1024x514-pixels_Dec-2020.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: COVID&#x2d;19 tier system in Avon and Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-23T19:35+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/covid-19-restrictions-in-avon-and-somerset/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:02 on 19th December 2020
title: COVID&#x2d;19 tier system in Avon and Somerset | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/covid-19-restrictions-in-avon-and-somerset/
```

Police are continuing to work with communities to help limit the spread of coronavirus and save lives following the introduction of a new tiered system.

New Covid-19 Tiers came into effect on Saturday 19 December. Different parts of our force area are subject to different levels of restriction. The current restrictions will chance on 26th December.

We will continue to engage, explain and encourage people to comply with the regulations. As a last resort, police will enforce, whether it is by directing people to leave an area, or issuing a fine. The majority of regulation breaches reported to us have been resolved without needing to issue a fine.

Click here to find out the coronavirus restrictions in your local area

### **Tier 3 “Very High Alert”**

South Gloucestershire have been placed in “Very High Alert” Tier 3 restrictions, meaning households are banned from mixing, except in limited circumstances such as in parks and public gardens. This means there is a very high or very rapidly rising level of infections, where tighter restrictions need to be in place.

Click here for a full list of the restrictions, including what you can and cannot do in tier 3

### **Tier 2 “High Alert”**

Bristol, North Somerset, Bath and North East Somerset and Somerset have been placed in “High Alert” Tier 2 restrictions, meaning households cannot mix indoors. This means there are higher or rapidly rising level of infections, where some additional restrictions need to be in place.

Click here for a full list of the restrictions, including what you can and cannot do in tier 2
