```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-02T15:49+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-02T15:49+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219094545'
og:
  description: Investigations into deliberate fire continue&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112337/AVON-Fire-Rescue-engine.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Police identify suspects in play area arson &#x2d; Mangotsfield | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-02T15:49+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/police-identify-suspects-in-play-area-arson-mangotsfield/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:49 on 2nd May 2019
title: Police identify suspects in play area arson &#x2d; Mangotsfield | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/police-identify-suspects-in-play-area-arson-mangotsfield/
```

Officers investigating a fire which damaged a children’s play area in Mangotsfield have spoken with three teenagers.

The fire happened at the Springfield Park play area on Tuesday evening, 30 April. Fire crews attended and dealt with the blaze. The fire damaged play equipment and the safety surface.

Following local investigations, Neighbourhood officers talked with two 14-year-old boys and a girl aged 13 on Wednesday 1 May. We'll be interviewing them voluntarily next week and are currently trying to trace a fourth teenager.

This follows a similar incident on Saturday 20 April, when a fire was put out by local residents before fire crews arrived.

We've carried out house-to-house enquiries in the area but continue to appeal for information as our investigation continues.

Get in touch if you can help, quoting reference 5219094545.

We'd ask parents and carers to speak to their teenage children about the impact of such vandalism. Make sure young people are aware of their responsibility to treat community facilities with respect.

For children’s own safety parents and carers should know where they are, who they are with and what they are doing.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219094545 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
