```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-22T12:50+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-22T11:11+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220155276'
og:
  description: "Police are seeking the public\u2019s help to identify a witness to a serious assault in Bristol."
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200127151958/Police-appeal-officersd.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal to identify witness in Bristol assault case | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-22T12:50+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/appeal-to-identify-witness-in-bristol-assault-case/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 12:11 on 22nd July 2020
title: Appeal to identify witness in Bristol assault case | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/appeal-to-identify-witness-in-bristol-assault-case/
```

We are seeking the public’s help to identify a witness to a serious assault in Bristol.

On Monday 13 July at around 11.30pm, a 44-year-old man from Bristol was assaulted at his home on Pennywell Road. The victim suffered head and facial injuries in the attack.

A 31-year-old man from Bristol was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm (GBH) and has since been released on conditional bail, pending further enquiries.

As part of their investigation police are conducting house to house enquiries and examining CCTV footage of the surrounding area.

PC Paul Gamble said: “This was a nasty assault on a man in his own home and he suffered some serious injuries as a result. At this time, we aren’t treating it as a random attack and believe the victim and the offender were known to each other.

“We’d particularly like to speak to a woman who was in the area when the assault happened and may be a key witness. She’s described as having blonde hair tied up in a bun, with a pale complexion. She is about 5ft tall, and was wearing a grey jacket and blue jeans. She was reportedly holding a pair of grey Nike Air Max trainers when she left the scene.”

If you can help us to identify this witness, or have any other information that can help with the investigation, please call 101, quoting reference 5220155276.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220155276 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
