```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-22T15:43+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-22T15:43+00:00
og:
  description: The former officer has been jailed for 14 weeks following a court hearing held on Tuesday.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112330/Twitter-ASPolice-Crest-on-Black-Image-Post-728x409px.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Former police officer convicted of assault | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-22T15:43+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/former-police-officer-convicted-of-assault/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:43 on 22nd October 2019
title: Former police officer convicted of assault | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/former-police-officer-convicted-of-assault/
```

A former police officer has been sentenced to 14-weeks in prison after admitting assaulting a 15-year-old boy in Bristol.

Adam Kitchener, aged 36, who was formerly a police constable based in Bristol, appeared before Bristol Magistrates’ Court today (October 22) where he admitted a charge of common assault.

Supt Simon Wilstead, head of Professional Standards, said: “Officers had been called to attend a report of a robbery in the Broad Quay area of Bristol in the early hours of Sunday 31 March. At around 4am, a 15-year-old boy was arrested in connection with this incident in Marsh Street.

“Today, former officer Adam Kitchener has admitted assaulting the teenager during the course of this arrest. The assault came to light following an internal complaint made by a colleague who witnessed the assault and a further complaint from the boy’s family.

“Mr Kitchener was suspended and the matter was referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) who carried out an independent investigation, resulting in him being charged with assault.

“This was a wholly unnecessary and unprovoked assault and on behalf of Avon and Somerset Police, I’d like to apologise to the victim and his family.

“Although the officer has since resigned, a special case misconduct hearing will be held at Police Headquarters in due course, which will be chaired by Chief Constable Andy Marsh.”
