```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-09T11:25+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-09T11:25+00:00
og:
  description: Luke Wheaton, 16, Ray White, 57, Brian Vickery, 63 and Mike James, 64, died following an explosion at a water recycling centre in Avonmouth on Thursday&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201209111224/Avonmouth-victim-photos.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Family tributes following Avonmouth incident | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-09T11:25+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/family-tributes-following-avonmouth-incident/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:25 on 9th December 2020
title: Family tributes following Avonmouth incident | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/family-tributes-following-avonmouth-incident/
```

Luke Wheaton, Ray White, Brian Vickery and Mike James

Photos have been released and tributes paid to the teenage boy and three men who died following last week’s incident at a water recycling centre in Avonmouth.

The cordon in place around the Wessex Water site following Thursday’s incident was removed last night although enquiries will continue to be carried out at the scene as the investigation progresses.

The formal identification process has now been completed and post mortem examinations have been conducted.

Those who died were Luke Wheaton, 16, of Bradley Stoke, Ray White, 57, of Portishead, Brian Vickery, 63, of Clevedon and Mike James, 64, of Bath.

Specialist family liaison officers continue to assist their families and the thoughts of everyone from Avon and Somerset Police remain with them.

All the families would like to thank all those who’ve contacted them for their support but request their privacy be respected at this difficult time.

* * *

**Luke Wheaton**
Taken from us way too soon. Words cannot describe what we are going through.

We are so proud of Luke who is the most gorgeous, loving, happy, talented, perfect son.

Luke had everything to look forward to in life and has left a massive hole that will never be filled.

Luke is going to be missed by so many, first and foremost his family who he adored (including Harvey) and his huge network of friends including football, rugby and school.

Luke knows how much he is loved and will be dearly missed by everyone. We just wish we could bring him back. Always in our hearts and thoughts - life will never be the same again.

Sweet dreams babe. Stay safe. Love you more than anything xx

_Luke, our much loved Grandson, always in our hearts and thoughts never forgotten “love you” Nan and Grandad xx_

Luke was more than just a cousin he was like a little brother and best mate, the world won’t be the same without, Love You Always, Love Harry and Erin

_We 're absolutely heartbroken that you've been taken from us like this, you had your whole life ahead of you to look forward too, we love you so so very much Luke sleep tight beautiful boy lots of love Aunty Jo, Pete, Mackenzie and Ethan xxxx_

Love you Lukey, sleep tight ❤️(Auntie) Debbie x

_Our hearts are breaking, Luke, our beautiful nephew and cousin to Logan and Darcy taken so cruelly from us, we will miss him always and love him forever Karen, David, Logan and Darcy xxxx_

* * *

**Ray White**
The whole family are struggling to come to terms with Ray’s death.

He was a wonderful son, brother and father to his two sons. He will be deeply missed by all who knew him.

The family respectfully request privacy at this difficult time to allow them to grieve in peace. Thank you.

* * *

**Brian Vickery**
There are not enough words to describe the impact Brian had on not only his family and closest friends but to so many others.

He brightened everyone’s lives with his cheeky and wicked sense of humour.

Nothing meant more to him than being around the ones he loved and it’s difficult to think of him without it bringing a smile to your face.

We feel blessed to have had him in our lives and we will cherish these memories forever.

* * *

**Mike James**
Mike was a brother, husband, father and Grampy. He will be missed.
