```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-02T13:44+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-02T13:44+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219003184'
og:
  description: A 27-year-old woman was attacked in Stapleton Road in the early hours of New Year&#039;s Day.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112130/Website-screengrab.jpg.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV issued to find key witnesses in attempted rape investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-02T13:44+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/cctv-issued-to-find-key-witnesses-in-attempted-rape-investigation/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:44 on 2nd May 2019
title: CCTV issued to find key witnesses in attempted rape investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/cctv-issued-to-find-key-witnesses-in-attempted-rape-investigation/
```

CCTV

We’re issuing CCTV footage showing potential witnesses we’d like to trace as part of an investigation into an attempted rape in Bristol.

A 27-year-old woman was attacked in the Stapleton Road area of Bristol sometime between 5.15am and 5.35am on New Year’s Day (Tuesday).

The incident was reported to police on Friday 5 January and an investigation was launched.

Investigating officer DC Emily Welch said: “We’re releasing CCTV footage from Stapleton Road which shows several people we’d like to identify and speak to as potential witnesses. If you recognise yourself in this footage, please call us.

“We’d especially like to identify the man with the skateboard who we believe disturbed the attacker and helped the victim.

“We’d also like to speak to anyone who was inside or outside The Black Swan pub at the time.

“The victim has given permission for us to issue her description, as it may help to prompt people’s memories from the night. At the time, she had purple hair and was wearing a purple hooded top and long socks with white stripes on them.”

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219003184 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
