```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-24T14:37+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-24T14:37+00:00
og:
  description: Closure order granted in Highbridge&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112003/close-1.1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Closure order granted by court against address used for drug activity | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-24T14:37+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/closure-order-granted-by-court-against-address-used-for-drug-activity/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:37 on 24th July 2019
title: Closure order granted by court against address used for drug activity | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/closure-order-granted-by-court-against-address-used-for-drug-activity/
```

A court has granted the closure of a property in Highbridge for a period of three months to disrupt local drug activity.

The property, in Wall Court, off Ducketts Way, was a hot spot for anti-social behaviour and used as a base for local drug activity.

The closure order was granted at Taunton Magistrates’ Court today (24 July).

A recent drug warrant executed had found drugs, paraphernalia and weapons in the address where the occupants were arrested for drug offences.

Anti-Social Behaviour Co-ordinator Cerwyn Pritchard who led on the closure on behalf of Avon and Somerset Police, said: “This order hopefully sends a clear message that drug misuse and antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated by Avon and Somerset Police and together we can deal with such problems and will use all legal remedies to protect our community."

"The conduct of this resident has had a detrimental effect on the health and wellbeing of their neighbours, to the point where some felt afraid to continue living a normal life in the area.

"Our local neighbourhood policing team received a large number of complaints about the use and supply of drugs from this address by visitors and the occupants within. The use and supply of drugs from an address can have a huge negative impact on those living nearby due to the anti-social behaviour that invariably comes with this type of criminality.

“Working closely with the housing association LiveWest who supported our closure application, we sought possession of this property in order to prevent any further anti-social behaviour in this neighbourhood."

He added: "We rely on the community to give us information, in confidence, and I encourage anyone with any concerns about crime or anti-social behaviour within their community to contact the police. The more evidence we can gather in these and similar situations, the stronger the case we can present at court.

"I would like to thank all of those residents who have put their faith and trust in us. I hope that this shows that we will take your concerns seriously and act, where the law allows. We are determined to do all we can, working with partners and the community, to deal with those issues that cause such a blight on people’s lives.

“I want to reassure people that we can and will continue to take such action to target other properties using this legislation, where appropriate."

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
