```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-25T16:37+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-25T16:37+00:00
og:
  description: The family of Darren Edginton have paid tribute after he is named as the man who died following an assault in Bristol last Friday&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112025/Darren-Edginton.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Victim named in Bristol murder investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-25T16:37+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/victim-named-in-bristol-murder-investigation/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:37 on 25th June 2019
title: Victim named in Bristol murder investigation | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/victim-named-in-bristol-murder-investigation/
```

Darren Edginton

There are 2 related updates to this story

 * 23 Jun 2019: Teenager charged with murder following death of a man in Bristol
 * 22 Jun 2019: Further arrest made in ongoing murder enquiry in Bristol

A man who died after an assault in Bristol last week has been named as Darren Edginton.

Mr Edginton, aged 39, was originally from Cirencester but lived in Bristol. He was the victim of a serious assault that took place on Ashley Road in St Paul’s at around 5.50pm on Friday (June 21) in which he suffered a fatal injury.

Darren’s family issued this statement in tribute to him:

“Darren was one of the funniest people you’d ever meet. He never took life too seriously and was always up for a good laugh and a joke. He was by far a great comedian who had a real talent for acting out his humour.

“He had a heart of gold and deep down was a very good-hearted man. He was affectionate and loved to be loved and he was also a great dad.

“Darren faced many challenges in his life but despite them all he always kept that smile on his face and that twinkle in his eye.

“Words cannot express how much he will be missed. Life will never be the same without Darren and his beautiful laugh. We wish for him now to rest in eternal peace and he will be forever in our hearts.”

A 14-year-old boy from Bristol has been charged in connection with the incident and appeared at Bristol Crown Court today (Tuesday 25) and has been remanded in custody.
