```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-20T09:00+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-20T09:00+00:00
og:
  description: Two men from Bath have been sentenced for a total of nearly nine years for possession with intent to supply cocaine.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112028/Hazret-Bucpapa-and-Grei-Qeraj.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two men jailed for drug offences in Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-20T09:00+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-men-jailed-for-drug-offences-in-bath/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:00 on 20th June 2019
title: Two men jailed for drug offences in Bath | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/two-men-jailed-for-drug-offences-in-bath/
```

Pictured: Hazret Bucpapa (left) and Grei Qeraj (right).

**Two men caught dealing drugs in Bath have been sentenced to a total of nearly eight years for possession with intent to supply cocaine.**

Hazret Bucpapa 24, and Grei Qeraj 20, of The Tyning in Bath, were sentenced at Bristol Crown Court on Tuesday (18 June) after admitting possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of an identification document with improper intention.

On 2 May 2019, police officers stopped the men in a vehicle on Sidney Buildings in Bath. Following a search of their vehicle, a block of white powder was found hidden behind the rear passenger seat. The officers believed it to be cocaine and arrested both men on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

A property linked to Mr Bucpapa was subsequently searched and further drugs paraphernalia was recovered indicating the premises was used to process and handle drugs.

PC Mike Crean said: “This is a really significant result which has led to two major drug dealers being removed from the streets of Bath.

“The combination of the cash, mobile phones and kilo of cocaine in the vehicle with the items uncovered at their property in Bath formed all the elements of what we believe to have been an onward cocaine processing and packaging factory.

“Drug dealing is a blight on the community and we take the supply of drugs extremely seriously. This arrest sends a clear message to other criminals that drug dealing will not be tolerated in Bath and we are continuing investigations linked to these individuals.”
