```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-19T13:16+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-19T13:16+00:00
og:
  description: A 16-year-old male has been charged with attempted murder and is due before magistrates.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200812120241/Charged_judge-on-white-2_Aug-2020-e1597230226868.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Teenagers charged after male stabbed in Fishponds | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-19T13:16+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/teenagers-charged-after-male-stabbed-in-fishponds/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:16 on 19th February 2021
title: Teenagers charged after male stabbed in Fishponds | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/teenagers-charged-after-male-stabbed-in-fishponds/
```

Two teenagers are due in court today (Friday 19 February) following a stabbing incident in Fishponds last week.

Last night (Thursday 18 February) a 16-year-old male was charged with attempted murder. A female of the same age has also been charged with conspiracy to murder.

The charges come after police and paramedics were called to Ridgeway Road at approximately 8pm on Friday 12 February.

A 17-year-old male was found injured, having sustained a number of stab wounds and was taken to hospital, where he remains.

The two 16-year-olds have been remanded ahead of appearing before magistrates in Bristol.

Two males, aged 16 and 18, arrested earlier in the week on suspicion of attempted murder have been released on bail.

Two other people arrested as part of the investigation have been released with no further action planned.

Additional reassurance patrols have been carried out over the past week and we'd urge anyone with concerns to speak with an officer.

Anyone with further information about what happened is asked to call 101 and give reference number 5221031520.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
