```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-04-02T08:05+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-04-01T09:20+00:00
og:
  description: Four further arrests have now been made relating to the violent disorder in Bristol on Sunday 21 March.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200127132009/Arrest-made-Car.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man arrested for arson with intent to endanger life following violent disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-04-02T08:05+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/04/man-arrested-for-arson-with-intent-to-endanger-life-following-violent-disorder/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:20 on 1st April 2021
title: Man arrested for arson with intent to endanger life following violent disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/04/man-arrested-for-arson-with-intent-to-endanger-life-following-violent-disorder/
```

There are 2 related updates to this story

 * 02 Apr 2021: Man charged in connection with violent disorder in Bristol
 * 29 Mar 2021: New images released and update provided in relation to Bristol violent disorder inquiry

A 25-year-old man has been arrested in the Plymouth area in connection with the violent disorder in Bristol on Sunday, 21 March.

It comes after we issued an appeal about a specific incident during the disorder in which a man put a lit item under a police van.

The man has been arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life, violent disorder, assaulting a police officer and criminal damage. He remains in custody.

Separately, we’ve also arrested three other people on suspicion of violent disorder – two men and a woman. They’ve all been released under investigation.

In total, 29 people have now been arrested in connection with the incident.

We’d like to thank the public for their continued support with what is a challenging investigation, especially those who have called in with information.

There are currently 16 images in our online gallery of people we want to identify as part of our inquiry and we continue appeal to people to contact us if they recognise any of them.

Anyone who does is asked to phone 101 providing the call handler with the letter associated with the person/people. You can also report information via a dedicated online form

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
