```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-09T10:34+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-09T09:35+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220203131'
og:
  description: A man was witnessed by a member of the public on Cotham Hill stabbing car tyres with hypodermic needles&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200127151958/Police-appeal-officersd.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Motorists warned following criminal damage to parked vehicles in Cotham, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-09T10:34+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/motorists-warned-following-criminal-damage-to-parked-vehicles-in-cotham-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:35 on 9th September 2020
title: Motorists warned following criminal damage to parked vehicles in Cotham, Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/motorists-warned-following-criminal-damage-to-parked-vehicles-in-cotham-bristol/
```

We are investigating incidences of criminal damage to parked vehicles in the Cotham area of Bristol which happened at around 4.15pm on Monday 7 September.

A man was witnessed by a member of the public on Cotham Hill stabbing car tyres with hypodermic needles. Several needles were also left scattered in the road.

Officers attended and found needles sticking out of the side walls of the tyres on three separate vehicles which were safely removed and disposed of. Further needles and caps were collected from the road. No-one was harmed in the incident.

The offender is described as a white man in his 30s with a slim build and dark hair in dreadlocks. He was wearing a light coloured hoody and tracksuit bottoms.

Sgt Stuart King said: “We’d like to reassure the public that incidences of this nature are rare. The area will be searched for further discarded needles by Bristol City Council Sex and Drug litter collectors.

“If you find any such litter, please report to this to the council.

“We would also encourage motorists in the area to be vigilant and to check their car tyres for damage. If you find any damage of a similar nature, please contact police on 101. Do not attempt to remove a needle yourself.”

If you saw anything, get in touch with us on 101, quoting reference 5220203131.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220203131 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
