```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-08-01T09:53+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-08-01T09:53+00:00
og:
  description: We&rsquo;re appealing for members of the public to get in touch if they believe these stolen tools belong to them.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111956/Stolen-Dewalt-Tools.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Are these your tools? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-08-01T09:53+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/are-these-your-tools/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:53 on 1st August 2019
title: Are these your tools? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/are-these-your-tools/
```

The Dewalt power tools are marked with the same two initials.

**We’re appealing for members of the public to get in touch if they believe these stolen tools belong to them.**

A vehicle was stopped in the early hours on 15 July on Cheltenham Road in Bristol and was carrying a large quantity of what were believed to be stolen Dewalt power tools estimated to be worth in excess of £1000.

The tools were seized and contain the same two initials on most of the items. The Dewalt-branded tools include an 18V XR Brushless Combi Drill, 18V XR Brushless Oscillating Multi-tool, 18V XR 5” angle grinder, 18V 5.0Ah Battery and charger, and Dewalt tool carry case.

_If you believe these tools are yours or you have any information which could help us return the tools to their original owner, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219160883._

We’re appealing to tradespeople to remove tools and ensure their vehicles are secure overnight and at weekends.

Vehicle owners are urged to review their security. They are advised to fit an alarm if the car does not have one and also not to leave anything of value which can be seen from the outside. Consider locking it in the boot of the vehicle but ideally remove all items from the vehicle.

Similarly, owners of vans are advised not to leave expensive power tools in their vehicle overnight or at the weekend, when not at work. If they feel the need to leave items in the vehicles, then they should consider fitting specialist floor-mounted safes and secure storage boxes.

We would also advise security marking as well as taking photos of their tools and equipment.

We’d also urge members of the public to be vigilant and report anything suspicious.

General crime prevention advice is available from the following link: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-advice/protecting-your-home-and-property/

Additionally further information is available from the Secured by Design website, which provides additional useful information and advice on security products and crime prevention projects.
