```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-17T19:28+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-17T08:34+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220181588'
og:
  description: Several high value tools were stolen by two men driving a blue Audi A3&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200127151958/Police-appeal-officersd.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal for information following tool theft and assault in Avonmouth | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-17T19:28+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-for-information-following-tool-theft-and-assault-in-avonmouth/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:34 on 17th August 2020
title: Appeal for information following tool theft and assault in Avonmouth | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/appeal-for-information-following-tool-theft-and-assault-in-avonmouth/
```

We’re appealing for information following a theft from a motor vehicle and assault that took place on Wednesday 12 August in Avonmouth.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was sitting in his Ford Transit works van on Avonmouth Road at about 11.15am when he became aware of noise and movement coming from the rear of the van. He then witnessed an offender running past who had stolen some of his tools.

The offender began putting the items into a blue Audi A3 and assaulted the victim when he attended to apprehend him. He then threatened the victim with one of his tools before getting into the Audi and driving off.

During the incident a second male suspect was seen to get out of the vehicle holding a crow bar, but he didn’t approach the victim.

The victim suffered injuries to his head and face which required hospital treatment, but he has since been discharged.

The offenders are described as:

1\. a white man in his mid-30s, with short brown hair, of medium build, speaking with an Irish accent.

2\. a white man in his mid-teens, with short brown hair, of small build who also spoke with an Irish accent.

Several items of property were stolen including a Makita Angle Grinder and Impact Drill, plus batteries; a Paslode IM360 CI Nail gun and a Stanley bag containing various tools.

Police have conducted house to house enquiries as part of their investigation.

Anyone with information or CCTV footage that could assist with our investigation is asked to call 101, quoting reference 5220181588.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220181588 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
