```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-08-11T11:51+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-08-11T09:13+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220172410'
og:
  description: Do you recognise this man?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200811101123/sii40sd960fbh7qyrn2d.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following assault in Bridgwater | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-08-11T11:51+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/cctv-appeal-following-assault-in-bridgwater/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:13 on 11th August 2020
title: CCTV appeal following assault in Bridgwater | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/08/cctv-appeal-following-assault-in-bridgwater/
```

We’re releasing CCTV images of a man we’d like to speak to in connection with an assault in Bridgwater on Sunday 2 August.

The victim, a 28-year-old man from Bridgwater, was punched during an altercation with two men outside Eastover Food and Wine shop at around 1.20am. The punch caused him to fall to the floor and hit his head, rendering him temporarily unconscious.

The victim suffered head injuries which required hospital treatment, but has since been discharged.

The offender left the scene on foot following the assault and headed in the direction of Bridgwater town centre.

We are seeking the public’s help to identify the man shown in the CCTV images. He is described as white with short light coloured hair, in his late 20s or early 30s. He is thought to be around 5ft 9in in height and was wearing a grey long-sleeved jumper with ‘Levis’ written across the front in red.

We'd like to speak to the man pictured wearing the Levis Sweater in relation to this incident

If you can help, please contact us on 101 quoting reference 5220172410.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220172410 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
