```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-06T20:21+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-06T20:20+00:00
og:
  description: A man has been charged and is due in court on Monday 8 March.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112130/Scene-tape-4.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Police Scotland update on investigation into missing persons from South Gloucestershire | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-06T20:21+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/police-scotland-update-on-investigation-into-missing-persons-from-south-gloucestershire/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 20:20 on 6th March 2021
title: Police Scotland update on investigation into missing persons from South Gloucestershire | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/police-scotland-update-on-investigation-into-missing-persons-from-south-gloucestershire/
```

**The following press release has been issued by Police Scotland this evening (Saturday 6 March):**

The disappearances of 25-year-old Bennylyn Burke and her two-year-old daughter are now being treated as a murder investigation.

Officers in Dundee attended a property on Troon Avenue around 3.20pm on Friday, 5 March, 2021, as part of an enquiry into the disappearance of Bennylyn and two children who had been reported missing from South Gloucestershire on Monday, 1 March, 2021.

A 50-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with the deaths of Bennylyn and her daughter Jellica and enquiries are continuing to establish their whereabouts.

The arrested man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday, 8 March, 2021.

The second child reported missing has been traced and is being supported.

Detective Superintendent Graeme Mackie, of Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team, said: “We are now treating the disappearances as a murder investigation and I would urge anyone with any information to please come forward and speak to us.

“This is a complex enquiry involving both local officers in Dundee and specialist resources from across Police Scotland.

“Bennylyn’s next of kin have been updated on the arrest and are being supported by colleagues from Avon and Somerset Police.

“Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this very difficult time.

“There will be an increased police presence in the area for a considerable period of time and I would like to thank the local community for their cooperation.

“Anyone with concerns or information can speak to a local officer or call Police Scotland via 101, quoting incident 1434 of 5 March, 2021.”

Anyone from Avon and Somerset with concerns about what has happened can contact their neighbourhood team via 101.
