```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-30T16:42+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-30T16:42+00:00
og:
  description: Stolen items were seized from his home and car&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111900/Dariusz-Lenartowicz_web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man jailed for 39 months after burgling homes as householders slept &#x2d; Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-30T16:42+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-jailed-for-39-months-after-burgling-homes-as-householders-slept-yeovil/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:42 on 30th September 2019
title: Man jailed for 39 months after burgling homes as householders slept &#x2d; Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-jailed-for-39-months-after-burgling-homes-as-householders-slept-yeovil/
```

Dariusz Lenartowicz

A man is starting a 39-month jail term after admitting carrying out a series of burglaries in Yeovil.

Dariusz Lenartowicz, 34, of Yeovil, burgled four homes between Thursday 21 March and Thursday 4 April.

The judge sentenced him at a hearing at Taunton Crown Court on Friday 27 September.

Lenartowicz (pictured) stole items including laptop and tablet computers, mobile phones, bank cards, a games console and a camera. He admitted four counts of fraud after using the cards to make purchases as well as one count of theft and one of possessing a bladed article.

DC Jon Hooper said: "These were overnight burglaries, in most cases while the householders slept, causing an enormous amount of upset and distress. I hope this sentence reassures the families affected by these crimes."

DC Hooper added that the investigation was helped by the householders keeping the serial numbers of electrical goods, meaning that officers were able to prove property seized from Lenartowicz had been stolen.

### You can help to deter thieves by:

 * locking doors and windows and setting any alarm overnight, as well as when you go out.
 * keeping a note of serial numbers
 * permanently marking property with your postcode
 * taking photographs of items of particular financial or sentimental value
 * joining Neighbourhood Watch

More home security advice
