```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-28T09:38+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-28T09:38+00:00
og:
  description: He could lose houses and luxury watches as part of the order&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112107/untitled.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: "Drug dealer receives \xA3219,000 confiscation order | Avon and Somerset Police"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-28T09:38+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/drug-dealer-receives-219000-confiscation-order/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:38 on 28th May 2019
title: "Drug dealer receives \xA3219,000 confiscation order | Avon and Somerset Police"
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/drug-dealer-receives-219000-confiscation-order/
```

Duong Quy Vu

A 37-year-old Bristol drug dealer has been ordered to surrender two houses and luxury watches as part of a confiscation order issued at Bristol Crown Court on Friday (24 May).

At the hearing the court heard that Duong Quy Vu of Avonmouth Road had benefitted from his criminality to the value of £219,668.87 and had £296,754.25 available.

On 19 March last year police officers attended two addresses owned by Vu and his wife – the property in Avonmouth Road and a property in Long Cross, Lawrence Weston.

While at the Avonmouth Road, they searched the loft of the property and located 10 large canvas-type bags, each containing 35 individual vacuum bags containing cannabis. The wholesale value of the drugs was £119,000.

Officers also seized three Rolex watches (together worth £20,000) plus £17,000 cash.

On 6 September last year Vu was convicted of possession with intent to supply class B drugs (cannabis) under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. He was jailed for four years.

At the confiscation hearing he was ordered to pay £219,686.87. The order included the sale of the Rolex watches to pay the order. Two houses he owns and bank accounts are to be held under restraint until the full amount of the confiscation order is paid off.

Dr Kirstie Cogram, manager of Avon and Somerset Police’s Complex Crime Unit, said: "We are committed to seizing any assets that criminals have gained as a result of crime.

“It is not acceptable that criminals benefit from illegal activities and we will relentlessly pursue them through the courts to ensure their money is taken. By doing this we show criminals that they will not benefit from crime and hopefully deter others from entering a life of crime."
