```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-04-26T13:39+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-04-26T13:39+00:00
og:
  description: Year 5 students handed out leaflets to 150 homes&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112136/IMG_2617_smaller.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Mini Police help give crime prevention advice in Stockmoor | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-04-26T13:39+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/mini-police-help-police-give-crime-prevention-advice-in-stockmoor/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:39 on 26th April 2019
title: Mini Police help give crime prevention advice in Stockmoor | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/mini-police-help-police-give-crime-prevention-advice-in-stockmoor/
```

Somerset Bridge School Mini Police, with PCSOs Ella (left) and Jack (right)

Yesterday, students from Somerset Bridge School handed out leaflets to 150 houses in Stockmoor as part of Mini Police.

Year 5 student posts leaflet through door in Stockmoor

Year 5 Students worked with PCSOs to design the crime prevention advice leaflets, which contain information to help keep residents safe from burglars and rogue traders.

Mini Police give out leaflets in Stockmoor

PCSO Ella-Mae Bastin from Bridgwater said: “Yesterday was a huge success. The children were very glad to be helping out in their local community and enjoyed the whole process of designing the leaflets.”

“Since its launch last October we’ve seen children grow in confidence. They’re so proud to put on their uniforms and be part of a force for good in their school and the community. Teachers also tell us that the behaviour of the pupils has also improved. Children learn what police officers do and how they can help people in the communities they live in.”

“The day went so well that we hope to do another patrol in a few weeks’ time. So if you see us out and about please stop and say hello.”

Year 5 Mini Police posting leaflet through letterbox

The first Mini Police scheme was launched in 2017 in Knowle, Bristol and was so successful that a further seven schemes were launched the following year. Another 20 schools are set to launch the scheme in 2019.

Mini Police is delivered by members of the local neighbourhood policing team in partnership with schools and offers children aged between 9 and 11 years old the chance to build positive relationships with their local police team, whilst helping out in their school and the wider community.

Children and young people learn what it means to be a police officer and the importance of communities working with police to help protect them from crime.

The scheme aims to encourage stronger relationships between young people and the police.

By engaging with children and young people from an early age, the Mini Police aims to reduce future demand, discussing how getting involved in criminality can affect their lives and planting the seed that policing could be a career for them in the future.
