```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
incident:
  reference: '5219177739'
og:
  description: CCTV appeal following robbery in Bridgwater&#8230;
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Bridgwater | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-bridgwater/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:59 on 20th August 2019
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Bridgwater | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-bridgwater/
```

Do you recognise these men? We would like to speak to them in relation to a robbery at Rosebery Avenue in Bridgwater. The robbery took place on Saturday 3 August at approximately 04:15am.

The males chased the victim onto Rosebury Avenue where both males proceeded to punch the victim repeatedly. The victims phone falls out of their pocket and is picked up by suspect 2 who refuses to give it back until the victim gives them money.

The suspects then chase the victim up to the zebra crossing where they kick the victim to the floor and continue to kick and punch the victim. They then follow the victim to Sainsbury's cashpoint for the victim to withdraw money in exchange for their phone.

Suspect 1 is described as white male, stocky build, early 30's, shaven head and wearing a white t-shirt, light coloured shorts and white trainers.

Suspect 2 is described as white male, skinny build, late 20's, short blonde hair and wearing check long sleeved shirt, dark shorts and black trainers.

Suspect 1

Suspect 2

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219177739 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
