```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-13T15:44+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-13T15:44+00:00
og:
  description: Sentencing of a man for the murder of Phillip Jones in Radstock in 2018&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112124/Meshach-Caven-Thompson-custody-image.jpg1_.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man jailed for 21 years for Radstock murder | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-13T15:44+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/man-jailed-for-21-years-for-radstock-murder/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:44 on 13th May 2019
title: Man jailed for 21 years for Radstock murder | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/man-jailed-for-21-years-for-radstock-murder/
```

A man has been jailed for 21 years for the murder of a man in Radstock last year.

Meshach Caven-Thompson, aged 33, from London, was found guilty and handed the sentence at Bristol Crown Court today following a trial that lasted just under two weeks.

Caven-Thompson was arrested in London on June 17 2018, following the death of Phillip Jones at a property in Huish Court in Radstock the day before (Saturday June 16). Phillip suffered fatal stab wounds.

We were first alerted to the incident by a 999 call from Caven-Thompson himself at around 2.30am on June 16.

Caven-Thompson claimed to have been in the property 20 minutes earlier when three men burst in with weapons. He claimed to have run away and left Phillip Jones in the property before any attack took place.

However, officers recovered a dark T-shirt belonging to Caven-Thompson that he was pictured wearing the day of the incident which was found to contain traces of the victim’s blood.

Caven-Thompson was captured on CCTV footage getting petrol at Sainsbury’s Service Station in Frome on the night the attack on Phillip took place (Friday June 15)

Following his 999 call about the incident he was tracked to London and pictured on CCTV the following morning (Saturday June 16) on Brixton Rd, in Brixton, withdrawing money from a cashpoint.

Although the T-shirt he was wearing was recovered, the Northface tracksuit that he was wearing when he appeared on CCTV at the service station in Frome was never found.

The court heard that prosecutors believe Caven-Thompson had disposed of this tracksuit at some point between his journey from Radstock to London in order to hide forensic evidence connecting him to the crime, but had failed to spot the blood stain on his dark T-Shirt.

DCI James Riccio, Senior Investigating Officer, said: “This was a long and complex investigation in which the defendant tried several times to create red herrings to prevent suspicion from falling on him, including making the 999 call.

“We are pleased that justice has been served for the family of Phillip Jones. The court proceedings were challenging. However, Philip Jones’ family conducted themselves with the highest level of composure, dignity and calmness throughout.

“This was a violent attack in a small community and the impact was felt by people throughout the area.

“As an organisation we will continue to tackle violent crime involving knives and work with our partners to educate around the consequences of knife crime”
