```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-06T09:16+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-06T09:16+00:00
og:
  description: We&#039;re investigating a series of thefts from gyms across the Avon and Somerset area.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111921/Thefts-from-gyms-CCTV-image-e1567762281227.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV image released as part of inquiry into thefts from gyms | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-06T09:16+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/cctv-image-released-as-part-of-inquiry-into-thefts-from-gyms/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:16 on 6th September 2019
title: CCTV image released as part of inquiry into thefts from gyms | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/cctv-image-released-as-part-of-inquiry-into-thefts-from-gyms/
```

Do you know these men?

We’re issuing a CCTV image of two men we want to speak to about a number of thefts from gyms in South Gloucestershire, Bristol and Somerset.

The image shows two men leaving a gym in Patchway at around 6.20pm on Thursday 22 August. Do you know who they are?

A number of bags were stolen from lockers at the gym, including one with a wallet and bank cards which were later used at a hotel in South Wales. A Rolex watch worth more than £4,000 was also stolen.

This theft is being linked to another theft at a gym in the Redland area of Bristol which happened on the same day.

We’re also investigating potential links to a theft of a sports bag and toilet bag containing a Rolex watch and Samsung Earbuds, from a tennis centre in Ashton on 2 September and four further thefts from a gym in Yeovil in July.

As part of this appeal, we’re encouraging people using lockers at gyms in our Force area to be vigilant and be aware of anyone watching you secure your locker. Report any suspicious activity to us. Other crime prevention advice includes:

 * Download tracking apps onto your smart phones and devices and register them at www.immobilise.com to help us if they do get stolen.
 * Try not to leave your phone, wallet, keys or other valuables unattended, because all a thief needs is the opportunity. Ideally keep valuables on you.

If you recognise these men, please call us on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219193623.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
