```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-21T10:04+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-21T10:04+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219006623'
og:
  description: Do you recognise these men?
  image: https://cdn.aspolice.net/tasks/production/79/img/default-2x.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Renewed CCTV appeal as part of investigation into Bristol City v Swansea disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-21T10:04+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/renewed-cctv-appeal-as-part-of-investigation-into-bristol-city-v-swansea-disorder/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:04 on 21st May 2019
title: Renewed CCTV appeal as part of investigation into Bristol City v Swansea disorder | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/renewed-cctv-appeal-as-part-of-investigation-into-bristol-city-v-swansea-disorder/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 24 Apr 2019: CCTV appeal following disorder at Bristol City v Swansea in February

We’re renewing our appeal for help to identify three people. We want to speak to them as part of our investigation into anti-social behaviour and violence at a football match in Bristol.

There were incidents before, during and after the fixture between Bristol City and Swansea City on Saturday 2 February.

Our investigations are on-going and some people have already appeared in court.

Now investigators are renewing an appeal for help to trace three men _pictured_. Two were in the Swansea end (images 11 and 18). The third (image 2) was in the Bristol end of the ground.

We’d like the three – or anyone recognising them – to get in touch, quoting Operation Boulevard, reference 5219006623.

Image #2

Image #11

image #18

### We identified eight men following our CCTV appeal last month:

 * a man from Bishopsworth has already appeared in court for pitch encroachment. He must pay a £300 fine, and costs and a victim surcharge totalling £115. He also has a three-year football banning order
 * a Horfield man will appear in court charged with pitch encroachment
 * three men from Swansea, Wellington and Whitchurch face public order charges
 * a Henleaze man is facing charges of both pitch encroachment and a public order offence
 * a Swansea man has had a caution with conditions for a public order offence. These include paying a £100 fine and attending a 16-week victim awareness course
 * a Bristol man is due to have a conditional caution after admitting throwing an object inside the stadium.

### Officers have identified a further 10 men in connection with offences of public order, pitch encroachment and missile-throwing.

Three men have already appeared in court:

 * a man from Pensford admitted a public order offence. He has an eight-week jail term, suspended for a year, and a three-year football banning order. He must also carry out 240 hours of unpaid work as well as paying costs and a surcharge totalling £200
 * a Bristol man was fined £415 and ordered to pay costs as well as having a three-year football banning order for pitch encroachment
 * a Kingswood man was also given a three-year football banning order and must pay a £325 fine plus costs and a victim surcharge totalling £117

Five men are due in court:

 * a Bridgend man faces a charge of pitch encroachment
 * two men from Swansea, another from Kidwelly and a Llanelli man all face public order charges

We have issued two conditional cautions:

 * a man from Bristol who admitted a public order offence must pay a £100 fine and may not go to Ashton Gate or the surrounding area within five hours of a Bristol City game, or go to any town or city where BCFC or the England team are playing, for 16 weeks
 * a Swansea man who admitted throwing a missile within the ground faces a similar ban from Swansea City and Wales games and must also complete a 16-week alcohol awareness course

### We arrested three men in a day of action following the disorder

The courts have already dealt with them:

 * a 26-year-old from Brislington was jailed for 12 weeks on 21 March and given a six-year football banning order after admitting a public order offence
 * a 48-year-old man from Portishead admitted a public order offence and was ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work and pay costs and a surcharge of a total of £170 as well as getting a five-year football banning order from the court on 28 March
 * a 36-year-old man from Totterdown was given a six-month overnight curfew, monitored by electronic tag, a five-year football banning order and must pay £170 in costs and charges. He admitted a public order offence in court on 11 April.

DI David Lewis, who is leading the investigation, said: "This is a complex enquiry involving Bristol City BC, Ashton Gate Stadium and Swansea City FC, as well as British Transport Police and South Wales Police colleagues. I hope that the charges we have already brought will show that we’re committed to dealing robustly with those involved in football-related disorder."

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** Op Boulevard, ref 5219006623 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
