```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
incident:
  reference: '5220228272'
og:
  description: A man has been arrested and is in police custody.
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Murder investigation launched following death of man in Oakhill, Shepton Mallet | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-man-in-oakhill-shepton-mallett/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:24 on 8th October 2020
title: Murder investigation launched following death of man in Oakhill, Shepton Mallet | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-man-in-oakhill-shepton-mallett/
```

A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man in Somerset.

Officers were called to a property on The Old Maltings, Oakhill, near Shepton Mallet at 12.21pm today (Thursday, 8 October).

A man in his 60s has been arrested and is in police custody. At this time, police believe this to be an isolated incident.

Officers are at the scene while a forensic examination takes place.

A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out. Formal identification has not yet taken place.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Almond said: “This is a serious incident, which has sadly led to a man’s death. Specially trained officers will be providing support to this man’s family at what will be an incredibly difficult time.

“A cordon is likely to remain around the scene for some time while enquiries continue, and we are grateful for the local community’s support while we carry out the important work to understand what has happened.

“There will be additional patrols in the area over the coming days and I’d ask anyone with concerns to talk to officers, who will be able to provide them with advice.”

Anyone with information about the incident should contact the Major Crime Investigation Team via 101 and give the call-handler the reference number 5220228272.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220228272 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
