```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-08-22T09:28+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-08-22T09:28+00:00
og:
  description: An officer injured in Staple Hill on Tuesday is in &quot;good spirits&quot; after undergoing surgery.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112132/Twitter-ASPolice-Crest-and-Blue-Lights-Image-Post-728x409px.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Update on officer injured while detaining suspect in Staple Hill | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-08-22T09:28+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/update-on-officer-injured-while-detaining-suspect-in-staple-hill/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:28 on 22nd August 2019
title: Update on officer injured while detaining suspect in Staple Hill | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/update-on-officer-injured-while-detaining-suspect-in-staple-hill/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 21 Aug 2019: Officer injured as two men arrested on suspicion of drug offences in Staple Hill

An officer who suffered serious facial injuries while trying to detain a suspect in Staple Hill on Tuesday night has undergone surgery.

The officer, who is 25 years old and has been with the Force for three-and-a-half years, remains in hospital in a stable condition.

Supt Pete Warren said: “He’s in good spirits despite the injuries he suffered in the line of duty and underwent an operation last night which lasted several hours. Thankfully the operation went well. He remains in hospital but we’re hopeful he’ll be discharged later today to continue his recovery at home.

“We’d like to wholeheartedly thank the public for all their support and kind words. It means a lot to the officer, his family and everyone here at Avon and Somerset Police.”

An investigation into the incident in which the officer was injured is ongoing.

A 20-year-old man arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A drug has been released on bail. A 37-year-old man arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs has been released under investigation.

We’ve also arrested a third man, aged 33, on suspicion of dangerous driving and being concerned in the supply of a class A drug. He’s also been released on bail.
