```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-10T12:26+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-10-10T12:26+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220226136'
og:
  description: Three overnight burglaries have been reported in Nailsea in recent days.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112447/General-police-car-edited.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Public warned to secure property after burglaries in Nailsea | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-10T12:26+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/public-warned-to-secure-property-after-burglaries-in-nailsea/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:26 on 10th October 2020
title: Public warned to secure property after burglaries in Nailsea | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/public-warned-to-secure-property-after-burglaries-in-nailsea/
```

People living in Nailsea are being reminded to take steps to secure garages and their properties following three reported burglaries in recent days.

The incidents we've received calls about are:

 * A black Range Rover, among other items, was stolen from a property in the West End of Nailsea between 8pm on Monday 5 October and 7am the following morning.
 * A break-in took place at a garage in Nailsea Park on Tuesday 6 October at 11pm.
 * And a garage nearby was broken into between midnight and 8am on Wednesday 7 October. Nothing was reported stolen.

Sergeant Mark Raby said: "It is unusual to get reports of this nature in Nailsea and enquiries to identify the offender, or offenders, responsible are ongoing.

"It is too soon to know if these incidents are linked, but we're keeping an open mind.

"Extra patrols are being carried out, while house-to-house and CCTV enquiries are also being conducted.

"But we'd like to remind residents to make sure they take precautionary steps to secure their garages and homes, preventing valuable items being stolen."

We advise people carry out the following crime prevention tips:

 * Don’t leave ladders outside, or chain them up if you have to.
 * Double garage doors with a rim latch should be supplemented with a mortice deadlock.
 * Most standard ‘up and over’ garage doors are easily overcome by a burglar. You can prevent this by drilling a hole through the channel above the wheels and fitting a padlock. Alternatively, fit a hasp and staple each side of the door with a padlock or fit a specialist lock.
 * If the garage is attached to the main building ensure that connecting doors are secure.
 * Fit a battery-operated alarm in your property and install a security light or camera to the outside.
 * Make sure all doors and windows are locked and no valuable items are left on show.
 * Fit a window grille and/or frosted window film to stop a thief seeing into your shed or garage.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220226136 **
