```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-27T14:58+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-10-27T14:50+00:00
og:
  description: Two addresses in Barton Hill have had closure orders extended by magistrates following reports in the summer of criminal activity.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112445/General-police-car-edited1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Closure orders on two Bristol properties extended | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-27T14:58+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/closure-orders-on-two-bristol-properties-extended/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:50 on 27th October 2020
title: Closure orders on two Bristol properties extended | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/closure-orders-on-two-bristol-properties-extended/
```

Magistrates have agreed to extend a closure order against two addresses in the Barton Hill area of Bristol to help prevent the community being subjected to antisocial behaviour.

A three-month closure order against a property in Avonvale Road was granted in July. It was due to expire today (Tuesday 27 October) but a three-month extension was issued at Bristol Magistrates Court last week.

The initial order was made after suspected class A drugs were found during a warrant in June. It came after reports from the local community about crime and antisocial behaviour at the address.

An address in Strawbridge Road, which was also given a three-month closure order in the summer, has received a two-month extension too. The tenant’s co-operation with the local authority meant a shorter closure order was granted.

Kate Matthews, an antisocial behaviour co-ordinator, said: "Those living in the vicinity were subjected to people coming and going at all times of the day engaging in criminal activity.

"That's not acceptable and that's why we're glad the court has agreed to extend the orders to help reduce antisocial behaviour.”

"Anyone experiencing antisocial behaviour in their neighbourhood should not suffer in silence. Please contact us online, or on 101 if the incident is not ongoing, so we can factor this into patrol plans and take action where necessary."
