```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-09-09T12:27+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-08T14:31+00:00
og:
  description: Have you seen Lawrence Kemp?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200909132242/Lawrence-Kemp-collage.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Family plea to trace missing Lawrence Kemp | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-09-09T12:27+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/family-plea-to-trace-missing-lawrence-kemp/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:31 on 8th September 2020
title: Family plea to trace missing Lawrence Kemp | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/family-plea-to-trace-missing-lawrence-kemp/
```

More pictures of missing Lawrence Kemp

We’re renewing our appeal for information about Lawrence Kemp, missing from his Glastonbury home for more than a month without cash or bank cards.

The 32-year-old was last in contact with his family late on Saturday 1 August.

Now his family have issued a statement and new pictures of Lawrence:

> “Lawrence’s disappearance is highly out of character. As a family we are beyond worried, and are desperate to know if he is safe and well.
>
> "He is a much loved son, brother, uncle and brother-in-law, who we are all used to seeing at least weekly. Lawrence's nephews and nieces are concerned and struggling to understand why and where he has gone, they miss him terribly.
>
> "Please, if anyone knows anything, tell the police or Missing People charity.”

The last confirmed sighting of Lawrence was in the early hours of Sunday 2 August in Chilkwell Street, Glastonbury. He was wearing a blue checked shirt, over a pale blue T-shirt.

 * * * *

Lawrence is 32 years old, white, about 170cm (5ft 8ins) tall and slim with a shaven head and a bushy brown beard. He has a tattoo on his right forearm and a tongue piercing.

We previously said he may be using a bicycle, but this has now been discounted and is no longer a line of enquiry.

If you see Lawrence, please call 999 and give crime reference number 5220174041. Alternatively if you have any information that could assist with our enquiries, call 101 and use the same reference.
