```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-03-05T16:54+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-03-05T16:45+00:00
og:
  description: A woman has been arrested as part of our ongoing investigation.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200317082434/Can-You-Help_Car-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Dog returned to owner following theft report | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-03-05T16:54+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/stolen-dog-returned-to-owner/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:45 on 5th March 2021
title: Dog returned to owner following theft report | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/03/stolen-dog-returned-to-owner/
```

A dog reported stolen in January has been returned to their thankful owner by police.

Thieves broke down a large fence to take two male Shetland sheepdogs from a property in the Almondsbury area between 5-6pm on Sunday 31 January.

One of the dogs was found two days later running loose in the Portway area of Bristol the following week and safely returned.

The other dog, which is three years old, was found last week at an address in Stoke Bishop. It had been shaved but following analysis of its microchip it was revealed to be the dog taken from Almondsbury at the end of January.

Three other dogs (pictured below) – a lurcher, Jack Russell and Chihuahua - were found at the same location. Enquiries are ongoing at the moment to ascertain who owns them.

PC Alex Higham, of the Operation Remedy team, said: "Our investigation into what happened is continuing. A 53-year-old woman was arrested and has since been released under investigation at this time.

"Dog thefts are thankfully rare but this investigation shows how important getting your pet microchipped is. Without that, we may not have been able to return one dog to his rightful owner, who was understandably delighted to have him back safe and sound.

“Anyone with information relating to the theft back in January, or can assist us verify who owns the other dogs, is asked to call 101 quoting reference **5221021985**.”

Although there have been only a relatively small number of dog thefts in Avon and Somerset in recent years, we advise owners to observe the following crime prevention advice.

### Advice for dog owners

 * keep your dog's microchip details up-to-date and ensure they wear a tag with your name, address and phone number - but not the dog's name
 * have lots of photos of your dog including some together with you
 * make sure your garden is secure
 * train your dog to come to you when called
 * vary the time and routes of your walks, if you can
 * use a reputable kennels or dog-sitting service, ideally through recommendation, and always check references
