```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-13T16:09+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-13T16:09+00:00
og:
  description: Two men were stabbed in Fore Street on Boxing Day 2018.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112032/Sylwester-Mazur-website.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man jailed for two years for Boxing Day stabbing incident | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-13T16:09+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/man-jailed-for-two-years-for-boxing-day-stabbing-incident/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:09 on 13th June 2019
title: Man jailed for two years for Boxing Day stabbing incident | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/man-jailed-for-two-years-for-boxing-day-stabbing-incident/
```

Sylwester Mazur

A 39-year-old man has been jailed for two years for stabbing two other men in Chard on Boxing Day.

Sylwester Mazur, of Henson Park, Chard, admitted charges of causing grievous bodily harm and possession of a bladed article and was sentenced at Taunton Crown Court yesterday (June 12).

Both the victims were known to Mazur and they were all sat on benches in Fore Street throughout the evening on Christmas Day, into the early hours of Boxing Day.

An argument broke out about one of Mazur’s relatives, resulting in Mazur attacking one of the victims with a knife, causing injuries to his face and neck.

The other victim attempted to intervene and suffered stab injuries to his leg and body. He also suffered injuries to his face and hand.

Investigating officer DC Ross Chambers said: “Both victims suffered significant injuries which needed stitches following the unprovoked and violent attack.

“After the stabbings, Mazur fled the scene and was later arrested at his home address.

“Due to the weight of evidence against him he admitted the charges midway through a trial.

“Knife crime offences are treated extremely seriously by the police and the courts and anyone who uses a knife in this way can expect a custodial sentence.”
