```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-28T12:53+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-28T12:53+00:00
og:
  description: We&#039;re busy planning and preparing for a great St Paul&#039;s Carnival this year. Make sure you have a safe enjoyable carnival&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112022/St-Pauls-Carnival-pic1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: We&#8217;re ready for carnival &#x2d; are you? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-28T12:53+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/were-ready-for-carnival-are-you/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:53 on 28th June 2019
title: We&#8217;re ready for carnival &#x2d; are you? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/were-ready-for-carnival-are-you/
```

The sun is shining and St Paul’s Carnival is just one week away.

We’ve been busy planning and working with the St Paul’s Carnival Committee, Bristol City Council and all our partners to deliver an enjoyable and safe carnival for all.

The carnival, which will take place on Saturday July 6, is a family-friendly celebration of Caribbean and African culture in the city and an integral part of Bristol’s calendar of cultural events.

Supt Andy Bennett said: “We’re very excited the carnival is returning to showcase the fantastic diversity of our city.

“Last year’s 50th anniversary event was very successful and we are pleased to be supporting the delivery of another safe carnival this year.

“Neighbourhood teams will be out on patrol in their beat talking to people and we hope to have a community engagement stand with information from our recruitment department and our Black Police Association, who will be answering any questions people might have for us.

“Our main priority is ensuring the safety of all those at the carnival, as well as local residents, and we have well-prepared plans in place.

“We hope everyone involved has a fantastic day.”

Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens said: “I’m delighted that St Paul’s Carnival is back again for another year as it’s a fantastic celebration of people, diversity, culture, community and music.

“The event proves what great things can happen when the whole city pulls together and is a testament to the local community and the love that residents have for the place they live and work.”

We’d encourage everyone working, taking part or attending the event to help us make sure everyone has a great time.

We’d remind people to follow the carnival committee’s advice for everyone to check the weather before they set off for the event and bring appropriate items - sun cream, hats, water and light clothing.

This year, there are a number of official carnival after-parties taking place across the city in specific licensed premises, so people can continue to enjoy the festivities once the carnival finishes at 10pm.
