```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
incident:
  reference: '5219006623'
og:
  description: Can you help our investigation and ID the men in these images?
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal following disorder at Bristol City v Swansea in February | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/cctv-appeal-following-disorder-at-bristol-city-v-swansea-in-february/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:30 on 24th April 2019
title: CCTV appeal following disorder at Bristol City v Swansea in February | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/04/cctv-appeal-following-disorder-at-bristol-city-v-swansea-in-february/
```

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 21 May 2019: Renewed CCTV appeal as part of investigation into Bristol City v Swansea disorder

We're appealing for help to trace people we want to speak to as part of our investigation into anti-social behaviour and violence at a football match in Bristol.

There were incidents before, during and after the fixture between Bristol City and Swansea City on Saturday 2 February. Four men were arrested and charged on Friday 15 February.

Since then we've trawled through CCTV and questioned five men from Bristol and six from Swansea.

Of those 11, nine men will be summonsed to court for public order or football-related offences. The other two are due to receive conditional cautions, expected to include a 16-week ban from attending football matches.

Now we're issuing images of another 11 men we're keen to identify. We want to speak to them as part of our enquiries into assault and public order order offences.

****UPDATE - eight of the 11 have now been identified.**

This man was in the Bristol end of the ground

These men were in the Swansea end

DI David Lewis, who is leading the investigation, said: "This is a complex enquiry involving Bristol City BC, Ashton Gate Stadium and Swansea City FC, as well as British Transport Police and South Wales Police colleagues. We’re committed to dealing robustly with those involved in football-related disorder."

Anyone with information which could help police identify the men in these images is asked to get in touch, quoting Operation Boulevard.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219006623 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
