```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-28T13:26+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-28T13:26+00:00
og:
  description: The judge said he must serve at least 16 years in prison&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112021/Paul-Ashe_web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man jailed over knife and hammer attacks in Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-28T13:26+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/man-jailed-over-knife-and-hammer-attacks-in-weston-super-mare/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:26 on 28th June 2019
title: Man jailed over knife and hammer attacks in Weston&#x2d;super&#x2d;Mare | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/man-jailed-over-knife-and-hammer-attacks-in-weston-super-mare/
```

Paul Ashe

A man's behind bars following his conviction for three assaults in Weston-super-Mare.

Paul Ashe, 46, of George Street, Weston, has started a 24-year prison sentence after appearing in Bristol Crown Court on Friday 28 June. He will serve a minimum of 16 years before he is considered for parole.

A jury found him guilty of two counts of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and one of possessing a knife.

These offences happened in Alexandra Parade at about 4.20am on Sunday 2 December 2018. Two men, then aged 21 and 17, were hurt in the incident.

The 21-year-old needed hospital treatment for knife wounds to his neck, chest and leg. He had 32 stitches to his chest wound and three for a puncture wound to his leg. A one-inch cut to his neck did not need stitches. The 17-year-old suffered a cut to his face which also needed hospital treatment.

Ashe was also convicted of a third count of wounding with intent over an incident on Wednesday 18 April 2018, again in Alexandra Parade. He hit a 53-year-old man in the face with a hammer, causing significant injuries. The man needed surgery and faces long-term effects following the assault, including being unable to drive.

DC Richard Grierson was the officer in the case for the knife attack. He said: "I hope this significant sentence will help the victims put these incidents behind them and move on with their lives. Neither we nor the courts will tolerate such horrific violence on our streets."

PC Rebecca Mason, who investigated the hammer attack, said: “The incident began when Paul Ashe’s dog attacked the victim’s. There was absolutely no justification for the level of violence Ashe used, which caused injuries that have been life-changing for the victim. I’m glad this has been recognised in the sentence handed down today.”
