```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-22T08:24+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-10T16:19+00:00
og:
  description: A joint operation was carried out between our force and the Met Police.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111844/Arrest-made-Car.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: 14 arrests made as warrants carried out in county lines drugs inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-22T08:24+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/14-arrests-made-as-warrants-carried-out-in-county-lines-drugs-inquiry/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:19 on 10th February 2021
title: 14 arrests made as warrants carried out in county lines drugs inquiry | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/14-arrests-made-as-warrants-carried-out-in-county-lines-drugs-inquiry/
```

A series of warrants were carried out in Yeovil and London this morning relating to a joint investigation into county lines activity and the supply of controlled drugs.

Working with our colleagues at the Met Police, 10 warrants were carried out – three in Yeovil and seven in London.

A total of 14 people have been arrested, nine in Yeovil and five in London, and a quantity of class A drugs have been seized.

Det Insp Richard Horsfall said: “This is a prime example of forces working together to dismantle county lines drugs networks with the aim of bringing those involved to justice.

“We want to send out a clear message to those wanting to set up county lines operations in our area –there will be no safe place in which to ply your criminal trade.

“The planning and execution of this morning’s operation involved officers and staff in CID, Operation Remedy, our neighbourhood teams and operational support teams.

“I’d like to thank the local community for their support and if you have any suspicions around drug-dealing in your neighbourhood, please tell us – every piece of information is crucial.”

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
