```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-06-23T20:52+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-06-23T20:52+00:00
og:
  description: Teenager to appear in court charged with murder on Monday (June 24) following the death of a man in Bristol&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112039/Crest-1.jpg.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Teenager charged with murder following death of a man in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-06-23T20:52+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/teenager-charged-with-murder-following-death-of-a-man-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 21:52 on 23rd June 2019
title: Teenager charged with murder following death of a man in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/06/teenager-charged-with-murder-following-death-of-a-man-in-bristol/
```

There are 3 related updates to this story

 * 25 Jun 2019: Victim named in Bristol murder investigation
 * 22 Jun 2019: Further arrest made in ongoing murder enquiry in Bristol
 * 21 Jun 2019: Murder enquiry launched after death of a man in Bristol

A 14-year-old boy from Bristol has been charged with murder following the death of a man in St Paul’s on Friday (June 21)

The teenager will appear at Bristol Magistrates Court tomorrow morning for a first hearing.

“We would like to thank the local community for their support and patience during the initial stages of this investigation.

"We also want to thank those who came forward with information and acknowledge the valiant actions of the passers-by who came to the aid of the victim following the tragic events on Friday.

“Officers from the local neighbourhood team have been carrying out additional patrols to reassure residents and those will continue for the next couple of days.”

We were first called at around 5.50pm to reports of a serious assault at the junction of Ashley Road and City Road.

On arrival a man was found in critical condition after suffering injuries in a serious assault. The air ambulance and paramedics attended but sadly the man was pronounced dead just before 6.30pm.

A man in his 20s was initially arrested near the scene on Friday evening but released on Saturday with no further action to be taken.

A 14-year-old boy was arrested in the early hours of the Saturday morning and charged tonight.
