```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-11T14:53+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-10T13:28+00:00
og:
  description: There have been reported sightings of Lawrence in Bristol and Bridgwater&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201210132317/Lawrence-Kemp_5-e1607606625291.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: New image of Lawrence Kemp, missing since August | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-11T14:53+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/new-image-of-lawrence-kemp-missing-since-august/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:28 on 10th December 2020
title: New image of Lawrence Kemp, missing since August | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/new-image-of-lawrence-kemp-missing-since-august/
```

Have you seen missing Lawrence Kemp?

We're issuing a new family photograph in a renewed an appeal for information about Lawrence Kemp, missing from his Glastonbury home since August.

As Christmas approaches, we're sharing another photo (above) showing Lawrence without his distinctive beard.

His family say Lawrence’s disappearance is highly out of character: "As a family we are beyond worried, and are desperate to know if he is safe and well.

"He is a much loved son, brother, uncle and brother-in-law, who we are all used to seeing at least weekly. Lawrence's nephews and nieces are concerned and struggling to understand why and where he has gone, they miss him terribly.

"Please if anyone knows anything tell the police or Missing People charity.”

More pictures of missing Lawrence Kemp

In the last confirmed sighting of Lawrence he was wearing a blue checked shirt, over a pale blue T-shirt. The 32-year-old is without his wallet, bank cards or cash.

Following earlier appeals we’ve had reported sightings in Bristol and Bridgwater, which we're following up.

Recent picture of Lawrence

Lawrence is 32, white, about 170cm (5ft 8ins) tall and slim with a shaven head and a bushy brown beard. He has a bottom front tooth missing, a tattoo on his right forearm and a tongue piercing. Lawrence also walks with a distinctive gait.

If you see Lawrence, please call 999 and give crime reference number 5220174041. Alternatively if you have any information that could help call 101 and use the same reference.
