```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-13T16:02+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-13T16:02+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219097437'
og:
  description: Appeal for witnesses after car is destroyed and house damaged&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112124/Can-you-help-21.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two arrested after fire destroys car and damages house | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-13T16:02+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/two-arrested-after-fire-destroys-car-and-damages-house/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:02 on 13th May 2019
title: Two arrested after fire destroys car and damages house | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/two-arrested-after-fire-destroys-car-and-damages-house/
```

Witness appeal after vehicle destroyed and house damaged by fire

We’re appealing for information following a car and property fire in Filton.

The incident happened on Friday 3 May shortly after 10pm.

Two men were reported to be carrying a large cube-shaped white canister, which they carried into Sixth Avenue.

They poured, what was believed to be an accelerant over a vehicle parked on a driveway of house, which they set fire to. The vehicle was destroyed and extensive damage caused to the house. Occupants in the property managed to escape without injury.

The suspects then left and walked to Filton Avenue before turning left towards Horfield.

We are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident or has information to help our enquiries. We would particularly like to hear from anyone who may have sold or loaned a large white cube-shaped canister around this time.

Two men who were arrested on suspicion of arson have been released under investigation.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219097437 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
