```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-07-26T10:21+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-07-26T10:21+00:00
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112343/Arrest-2-e1556206176223.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Two arrested following stabbing incident in Easton | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-07-26T10:21+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/two-arrested-following-stabbing-incident-in-easton/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 11:21 on 26th July 2019
title: Two arrested following stabbing incident in Easton | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/two-arrested-following-stabbing-incident-in-easton/
```

We’ve arrested two people following an incident in which a teenager was stabbed in Bristol.

We were called by the ambulance service to Webb Street at around 8.15pm yesterday (July 25) after a 17-year-old man suffered stab injuries.

It’s believed the incident happened in a nearby car park off Stapleton Road, close to Twinnell House.

The victim remains in hospital but his condition is not believed to be life-threatening.

Two people – a 20-year-old man and a 19-year-old woman – have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remain in custody.

DI Roger Doxsey said: “This is a concerning incident in which a young man has suffered some potentially life-changing injuries.

“Officers and police staff are carrying out a number of actions today including forensic examinations, a review of CCTV footage and house-to-house enquiries. We’re also speaking to a number of witnesses to take statements.

“A car has been seized as part of this inquiry.

“I’d like to reassure the community that a thorough investigation is being carried out and if anyone has concerns I’d encourage them to make contact with their local neighbourhood policing team, who’ll be carrying out extra patrols in the area.

If anyone has information about this incident and hasn’t yet spoken to the police, please call us on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5219170627, or contact us via the website here: https://bit.ly/1igxNxh

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
