```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:38+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:29+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220243435'
og:
  description: Over 100 parcels were stolen when the driver&#039;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201203133236/Can-you-help-hat.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal following theft of delivery van in Frome | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:38+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/appeal-following-theft-of-delivery-van-in-frome/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:29 on 3rd December 2020
title: Appeal following theft of delivery van in Frome | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/appeal-following-theft-of-delivery-van-in-frome/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a delivery driver’s van containing over 100 parcels was stolen in Frome last Friday November 27, 2020.

At 12.25pm last Friday, the driver was making a delivery in Locks Hill in Frome, when a man pushed him out of the way of his white Peugeot Expert van, registration WU62 KUW, and drove off. When the van pulled away, the victim saw a blue Toyota with partial registration BU04 or BO05 which had been parked in front of his van pull away and drive off along with the suspect in the van. The vehicles were driven towards Styles Hill, Frome, outside of Frome Care Village.

At around 1pm that day, a member of the public spoke to our officers and told them that they had seen the stolen van driving at speed being quickly followed by a silver Renault. Unfortunately we were not able to get this witness’s details at the time and we would like to appeal specifically for that person to please come forward.

The suspect who stole the van is described as a white man in his twenties, around 5ft 8ins to 5ft 9ins tall, wearing a cream or beige hoodie with the hood up.

The driver of the blue Toyota was a white man.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220243435 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
