```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-08-12T12:29+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-08-12T12:29+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219182727'
og:
  description: Four mountain bikes have been taken from the Willsbridge area&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111950/cycle-theft-composite.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: We need your help to find four mountain bikes | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-08-12T12:29+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/we-need-your-help-to-find-four-mountain-bikes/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:29 on 12th August 2019
title: We need your help to find four mountain bikes | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/we-need-your-help-to-find-four-mountain-bikes/
```

We need your help to reunite four high value bikes with their owner.

The bikes – all custom-built mountain bikes – were taken from a property in Willsbridge during the early hours of this morning.

The four bikes were taken from an outdoor building in the rear garden of a property.

The bikes are:

 * a Transition mountain bike (Sentinel model) with hunt wheels, ETR brakes, orange coloured Fox front suspension, black coloured Fox rear suspension and Deity upgrades including handlebars, stem and saddle.
 * a Santa Cruz mountain bike (V10 model) with full carbon fibre frame (with damage to frame on a rear swing arm which has been professionally repaired), Fox suspension with orange detail and Deity upgrades.
 * an Orange mountain bike (Alpine 6), with black Fox front and rear suspension, Renthal handlebars and grips plus red DMR pedals.
 * A Trek ladies baby blue coloured mountain bike (Remedy 7) with Rockshox front and rear suspension, Renthal handlebars and stems, Ergon saddle

We’re appealing for your help to recover the bikes.

We would appeal to cycle dealers, second hand shops and cycling clubs to be vigilant and contact us if approached and offered the specialist machines.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219182727 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
