```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:51+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:51+00:00
og:
  description: We&#039;re trying to trace it after a container containing over &pound;300,000 worth of catering equipment was stolen in Avonmouth&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201203134801/Truck-and-trailer-image.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Have you seen this lorry and trailer? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-12-03T13:51+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/have-you-seen-this-lorry-and-trailer/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:51 on 3rd December 2020
title: Have you seen this lorry and trailer? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/12/have-you-seen-this-lorry-and-trailer/
```

Do you recognise this truck and trailer?

Lorry cab we are trying to trace

We’re appealing for any information that can help us find a stolen trailer containing over £300,000 worth of commercial property.

Between 00.30 and 00.34 on Monday November 9, 2020, a white Scania lorry cab entered the yard of Nisbets Professional Catering Supplies in Avonmouth, Bristol. In less than 5 minutes, offenders had hooked up a trailer with a container containing a large amount of professional catering equipment including Olympia and Vogue cutlery and kitchen knives, and made off from the site.

We are seeking information that could lead to the location of the stolen trailer and container, as well as anything that can help us identify those involved in the burglary. We would also like to speak with anyone who may have been offered these items for sale.

Anyone with info is asked to contact us via our website (insert correct link) or to call 101 quoting reference number 5220252882.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220252882. **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
