```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
og:
  description: Significant damage caused to South Gloucestershire centre&#8230;
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Witnesses sought following significant damage to outdoor training centre | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/witnesses-sought-following-significant-damage-to-outdoor-training-centre/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:44 on 24th July 2019
title: Witnesses sought following significant damage to outdoor training centre | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/07/witnesses-sought-following-significant-damage-to-outdoor-training-centre/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses after a large outdoor training centre in south Gloucestershire was targeted.

Cromhall Quary near Wootton-under-Edge was broken into on two nights earlier this month.

The centre – which consists of a large lake in a former quarry, surrounded by woodland - provides a range of water-based training courses including maritime lifesaving.

On 14 July intruders entered the lifeboat training area and set fire to a large lifeboat, causing significant damage.

The following day intruders went to the same area, taking various items – boat batteries, mannequins and electric cables and thrown them in to the quarry lake.

Some of the items have been retrieved but others have sunk into the lake – which is 16 metres deep in parts - and will need to be recovered.

Due to the attacks and the damage caused at the centre, classes and courses have had to be cancelled.

Police patrols are paying attention to the area and crime prevention advice has been provided to the training centre owners.

We’re keen to hear from anyone who may have information to help our enquiries into the two incidents.

We would particularly like to hear from anyone who may have been in the area on the two nights that intruders got into the centre.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219160986 or 5219161925 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
