```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-06T10:06+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-06T09:54+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220144974'
og:
  description: A number of commercial premises on the Lynx Trading Estate were broken into last week.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200220082645/Can-you-help-car-night.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Investigation after burglaries on trading estate &#x2d; Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-06T10:06+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/investigation-after-burglaries-on-trading-estate-yeovil/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 10:54 on 6th July 2020
title: Investigation after burglaries on trading estate &#x2d; Yeovil | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/investigation-after-burglaries-on-trading-estate-yeovil/
```

We're investigating a number of commercial burglaries at a trading estate in Yeovil.

Several businesses operating out of the Lynx Trading Estate reported being broken into overnight on 1-2 July.

A quantity of tools, car diagnostic equipment, electrical items and cash, among other items, were taken.

Enquiries are ongoing.

We'd urge businesses to make sure they take steps to deter thieves, including:

· Protect doors and windows with security accredited shutters or grilles (PDF).

· Secure entrance doors.

· Hire a security guard or a timer light switch.

· Fit a monitored alarm to the building. They are a good deterrent and a variety of alarms are available.

· Lock valuable products away from the shop floor or any visible location.

· Purchase security and insurance accredited safe, which can be bolted to the floor and located in a safe and secluded location.

We're appealing for people who see these items for sale, or have information about the incidents, to contact the police on 101 and give reference 5220144974.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220144974 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
