```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-16T14:21+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-16T14:21+00:00
og:
  description: Mahamud Osman has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 14 years.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112121/Mahamud-Osman-website.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Bristol man jailed for life for the murder of Hassan Hagi | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-16T14:21+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/bristol-man-jailed-for-life-for-the-murder-of-hassan-hagi/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:21 on 16th May 2019
title: Bristol man jailed for life for the murder of Hassan Hagi | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/bristol-man-jailed-for-life-for-the-murder-of-hassan-hagi/
```

Mahamud Osman

There is 1 related update to this story

 * 16 May 2019: “We will miss him more than words can ever express”

A 38-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 14 years after being convicted of murdering another man at his Bristol flat.

Mahamud Osman attacked 40-year-old Hassan Hagi with a baseball bat at his flat in Pirie Court, Perry Street, Easton, causing fatal injuries.

Osman called 999 for an ambulance at 1.38pm on Sunday 11 November. He reported having a fight with Mr Hagi, who had been staying at his flat from time to time.

Officers and paramedics attended the flat and found Mr Hagi in the lounge. An officer attempted CPR but he was pronounced dead at the scene, having likely been dead since the previous evening.

During a two-week trial, a jury at Bristol Crown Court head that Osman had beaten Mr Hagi with a baseball bat causing severe injuries to his head, limbs and body.

DI Neil Rice, of the regional Major Crime Investigation Team, said: “This has been a distressing ordeal for Hassan’s family who’ve had to listen to evidence about the brutal attack on him, carried out by Osman. We’re thinking of them at this incredibly difficult time and thank them for their help, patience and understanding while we investigated this terrible crime.

“This conviction is the result of a detailed inquiry by regional investigators, neighbourhood officers, forensic experts and scenes of crime officers.

“On behalf of all the staff involved I’d like to thank the witnesses who’ve provided statements and those who bravely gave live evidence during the trial. I also want to thank the local community for their support and patience during the initial days of our investigation when roads were closed and access was restricted as we gathered evidence.”
