```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-17T08:49+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-12T14:49+00:00
og:
  description: A three-year investigation into an illegal drugs marketplace concluded at Bristol Crown Court today with the sentencing of nine offenders.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200423115434/In-Court-Black-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Nine sentenced following investigation into student drugs marketplace | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-17T08:49+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/nine-sentenced-following-investigation-into-student-drugs-marketplace/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:49 on 12th February 2021
title: Nine sentenced following investigation into student drugs marketplace | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/nine-sentenced-following-investigation-into-student-drugs-marketplace/
```

A three-year investigation into an illegal drugs marketplace concluded at Bristol Crown Court today with the sentencing of nine offenders.

A police enquiry began in November 2017 after officers intercepted a parcel containing a large quantity of class A drugs addressed to Nathan Kelly, 24, at his student accommodation in Bath.

Further drugs paraphernalia was seized following a search of the address.

A forensic examination of Kelly's smartphone revealed a WhatsApp group containing nearly 2000 messages, in which evidence was found relating to the supply of controlled class A, B and C drugs.

Twenty-six individuals were subsequently interviewed by police, leading to ten being charged with offences related to drugs possession and supply.

One of the defendants was found not guilty of any offences at a hearing last year.

The remaining nine were sentenced today as follows:

**Nathan Kelly, 24, of Canons Close, Bath;**

Nathan Kelly

Two years and nine months imprisonment

**Peter Beven-Conejo, 22, of Walcot Parade, Bath;**

Peter Bevan-Conejo

Seven months imprisonment (suspended for two years) and 120 hours of unpaid community service

**George Buckney, 26, of Kings Square Avenue, Kingsdown, Bristol;**

George Buckney

Three years and nine months imprisonment

**Jonathan Burke, 26, of Mayfield Avenue, Chiswick;**

Three years imprisonment

**Savas Christoforidis, 25, of Rue des Aduatiques, Brussels;**

18 months imprisonment (suspended for two years) and ordered to pay a fine of £2670

**Luke Mattiussi, 32, of Holcombe Close, Bathampton;**

Ten months imprisonment (suspended for two years)

**George Hodder, 23, of Elton Road, Bristol;**

George Hodder

Three years and three months imprisonment

**Gabriel Sheldon, 22, of Ashford Gardens, Ashford, Surrey;**

Two years and ten months imprisonment

**Ian Williams, 23, of Midgley Close, East Riding of Yorkshire;**

A two-year community order and 100 hours of unpaid community service.

Investigating officer PC Patrick Gormley said: “I welcome the court’s sentencing decisions today.

“These individuals had a life of opportunity ahead of them and instead chose to squander their university education by engaging in drug criminality and putting others’ lives at risk.

“The fact that several of the offenders received custodial sentences sends a clear message that, regardless of social standing or previous good character, serious drug crime will not be tolerated within any community.”

Richard Posner, Senior Crown Advocate of the CPS South West added: “What is clear from this police investigation is that the use of social media platforms such as WhatsApp as a managed market place to buy and sell drugs has become a depressing reality for a small but significant element of an otherwise hard working and aspirational student population.

"The sellers collaborated with each other to sell drugs and referrals were common. Advertising, incentives, raffles and loyalty rewards were used to boost sales.

"The Crown Prosecution Service worked closely with officers of the Avon and Somerset Constabulary to bring these offenders to justice. The sentences imposed by the court today reflect the seriousness of the offences committed.”
