```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-05T07:46+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-09-23T08:49+00:00
og:
  description: 13 people have been arrested in connection with Andre&#039;s murder.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200923132944/Andre-Gayle.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: New plea for information following murder of Andre Gayle in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-05T07:46+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/new-plea-for-information-following-murder-of-andre-gayle-in-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:49 on 23rd September 2020
title: New plea for information following murder of Andre Gayle in Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/09/new-plea-for-information-following-murder-of-andre-gayle-in-bristol/
```

Andre Gayle

The officer leading the investigation into the murder of 29-year-old Andre Gayle in the Easton area of Bristol has made a new plea for information.

13 people, aged between 16 and 40, have been arrested in connection with Andre’s murder. No charges have been brought to date.

Det Supt James Riccio, who leads the Major Crime Investigation Team, said officers now believe Andre was involved in an altercation with several other people 25 minutes before the incident which resulted in him being fatally stabbed.

He said: “We’ve now established that at around 2.50am on Bank Holiday Monday (31 August), Andre was involved in an altercation near the Easton Jamia Mosque in St Marks Road. This was 25 minutes before he was chased by a number of people close to Easton Community Centre resulting in him being stabbed several times. He died from these injuries in hospital two days later.

“A still image we’re releasing today (below) shows a person chasing Andre holding a large knife, which we believe was the one used in the attack on him. We’ve not been able to recover this weapon yet. Do you know where it is?

“We know there were other people in the area who would have seen one or both incidents, who’ve not come forward for whatever reason. I want them to know, that we’re only interested in bringing those responsible for Andre’s murder to justice so they’re unable to inflict harm on anyone else.

“Please come forward and speak to us, or if you have photos or footage on your mobile phone which could help us piece together exactly what happened that night, please send it to us via the Major Incident Public Portal (details below).

“This remains a significant investigation in which we’ve so far collected 1,052 exhibits, compiled 199 reports, taken 85 statements and carried out 13 interviews.

“Andre’s family have been devastated by his death at the age of just 29. Our specialist family liaison officer is keeping them updated on the progress of this investigation and we hope those with information will think of the torment they are going through and do the right thing.”

You can call the Major Crime Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference number 5220197024, or you can supply information or footage through the Major Incident Public Portal

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
