```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-10-03T12:51+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-10-03T12:51+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219228386'
og:
  description: Two men made off with a significant amount of cash along with cigarettes and alcohol from McColls on Cranleigh Court Road.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111849/Can-You-Help_Car-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Witness appeal after robbery of Yate shop | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-10-03T12:51+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/witness-appeal-after-robbery-of-yate-shop/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 13:51 on 3rd October 2019
title: Witness appeal after robbery of Yate shop | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/10/witness-appeal-after-robbery-of-yate-shop/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a shop in Yate this morning.

Two men went into McColls on Cranleigh Court Road shortly after 6am, forced a member of staff into the store’s office and held them there.

They then took a significant amount of cash along with cigarettes and alcohol which they placed in a large green plastic bag with white handles before leaving via the back door onto Cranleigh Court Road car park.

Detective Inspector Richard Marsh said: “This was a terrifying incident for the member of staff who was working alone at the time.

“While thankfully they only sustained minor injuries, they have clearly been badly shaken up by what happened.

“Officers arrived within minutes of being called but despite an extensive search of the area they were unable to locate the offenders.

“Specialist crime scene investigators have examined the shop while CCTV footage is already being viewed as part of our inquiry.”

He added: “We’re keen to speak to anyone who was in the Cranleigh Court Road area early this morning who saw anything suspicious.

“The victim described both offenders as being Asian and in their mid-20s. One of them wore a green bomber-style jacket and black joggers and wore a black bandana over his face.

“The other wore dark clothing including trousers which had silver reflective markings around the shins. They wore a bandana which had an image of a skull on, over their face.

“If you saw the two men described, or have any other information which could help our investigation, please don’t hesitate to contact us.”

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219228386 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
