```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
og:
  description: We are asking members of the public, particularly in rural locations in West Somerset, to be wary of a white Ford Focus believed to be connected to a number of recent thefts.
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: West Somerset residents asked to be vigilant following spate of thefts | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/west-somerset-residents-asked-to-be-vigilant-following-spate-of-thefts/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:50 on 11th September 2019
title: West Somerset residents asked to be vigilant following spate of thefts | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/west-somerset-residents-asked-to-be-vigilant-following-spate-of-thefts/
```

**We are asking members of the public, particularly in rural locations in West Somerset, to be wary of a white Ford Focus believed to be connected to a number of recent thefts.**

This vehicle is known to have been active around Exmoor and the Quantocks and officers believe this vehicle and a man and a woman are linked to a number of recent thefts, including a farm in Dulverton and in Dunkery Beacon.

On Saturday (7 September), a man and woman in this vehicle were disturbed by a farmer in Hawkridge where they claimed to be looking for places to walk their dogs. Shortly after, the pair left abruptly. Later that day, there was another report from a victim in Brompton Regis having disturbed a suspect attempting to freewheel two of his quadbikes away from his property.

We are asking residents in the West Somerset area to remain alert to any suspicious activity and in particular if they spot a white Ford Focus within the vicinity.

Rural crimes can be reduced by the use of Farm Watch schemes. Farm Watch was established in 2008 to help farmers and members of rural communities provide information to police to help reduce crime and deter criminals. It gives police the ability to send live updates, alerting Farm Watch members to thefts or suspicious activity in the area, as well as providing crime prevention tips.

We’d encourage anyone who isn’t already a member of Farm Watch to join. To find out more or to join the scheme, please contact ruralcrimeteam@avonandsomerset.police.uk

If you spot any suspicious activity or have any information which could help, please call 101 quoting 5219206787. if it is an emergency or you witness a crime in progress, please call 999.
