```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-12T16:27+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-12T16:27+00:00
og:
  description: Jonathan Bristol was found guilty of rape by a jury at Taunton Crown Court.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111918/Jonathan-Bristow-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man who raped a woman as she slept jailed for seven years | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-12T16:27+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-who-raped-a-woman-as-she-slept-jailed-for-seven-years/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 17:27 on 12th September 2019
title: Man who raped a woman as she slept jailed for seven years | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-who-raped-a-woman-as-she-slept-jailed-for-seven-years/
```

Jonathan Bristow

A 50-year-old man from Taunton who raped a woman as she slept has been jailed for seven years after being convicted following a trial.

Jonathan Bristow, of Shoreditch in Taunton, took advantage of the woman after going round her house to help her prepare for a party. The victim had fallen asleep on a sofa and woke to find Bristow on top of her.

He was found guilty of rape following a trial at Taunton Crown Court. As well as the jail sentence, he will be on the Sex Offenders’ Register for life and will pay a victim surcharge of £170.

Investigating officer DC Becky Norton said: “The victim reported this incident to us in July 2018 and a full investigation was launched.

“The victim in this case is extremely vulnerable and Jonathan Bristow callously took what he saw as an opportunity to carry out the rape. His actions are the stuff of nightmares and the fact there was a child in the house asleep upstairs didn’t deter him.

“This rape has had a substantial and lasting effect on the victim’s mental health. She suffers from flashbacks and the emotional impact has affected her ability to form relationships. We can’t praise her enough for the bravery she’s shown throughout the investigation and court proceedings.

“We’re concerned there may be other victims due to the nature of Bristow’s offending. If anyone has information for the investigation team, please call us. If you don’t want to speak to the police, please speak to someone.

If you’ve been a victim of sexual abuse, recent or non-recent, you don’t have to speak to the police. You can self-refer to The Bridge, a Sexual Assault Referral Centre available 24/7 365 days a year. Visit their website at thebridgecanhelp.org.uk or call 0117 342 6999.

You can also visit thisisnotanexcuse.org for details of charities and organisations who are experts in supporting victims of sexual offences.
