```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-05-31T08:05+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-05-31T08:05+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5219117117'
og:
  description: Policeman, golfer, gnome and pre-formed ponds taken in overnight burglary&#8230;
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024112105/Fonthill-burglary-suspects.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Burglars target South Gloucestershire garden centre | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-05-31T08:05+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/burglars-target-south-gloucestershire-garden-centre/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:05 on 31st May 2019
title: Burglars target South Gloucestershire garden centre | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/05/burglars-target-south-gloucestershire-garden-centre/
```

We’re appealing for your help to track down burglars who have targeted a garden centre.

The two suspects took a range of items from the Fonthill Garden Centre, which is located on the A431 Bath Road in Bitton.

The intruders got into the garden centre sometime between 5pm on 26 May and 7.20am on 27 May.

They took a range of items including: pre-formed ponds; various water features; ornamental stone decorations (including a golfer, policeman, gnome, Labrador, a goose and cat and duck stones).

The intruders are likely to have used a vehicle to remove the items and we would like to hear from anyone who may have seen a vehicle parked on Bath Road near to the garden centre overnight between Sunday night and Bank Holiday Monday morning.

It is possible that the suspects may be responsible for similar break-ins at other garden centres across South Gloucestershire over the past few months.

We would also appeal to those attending car boot sales or are offered garden ornaments – similar to those described - to contact us.

We are releasing an image of the suspects pictured at the garden centre. It is not a clear image but we hope someone may recognise the clothing of one of the suspects, specifically the distinctive hat which is green with a cream coloured ring around it.

If you have any information which could help, please contact us.

****

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219117117 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
