```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2019-09-18T14:23+00:00
  published:
    time: 2019-09-18T14:23+00:00
og:
  description: A man from Sutton Benger has been jailed for burglary.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20191024111906/Michael-Patrick-Mcdonagh_for-web.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Man imprisoned for burglary in Kingswood | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2019-09-18T14:23+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-imprisoned-for-burglary-in-kingswood/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 15:23 on 18th September 2019
title: Man imprisoned for burglary in Kingswood | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/09/man-imprisoned-for-burglary-in-kingswood/
```

**A man from Sutton Benger has been jailed for burglary.**

**** Michael Patrick Mcdonagh, 23, from Frampton Farm in Sutton Benger, Chippenham, has been sentenced to three years in prison at Bristol Crown Court.

Mcdonagh was arrested on 27 April 2018 and charged with burgling a property on Orchard Road in Kingswood, Bristol.

On 21 April 2018, two unknown men approached the door of an 85 year female who lived alone and had previously been a victim of distraction burglaries.

The female victim was repeatedly told she owed the men money who eventually relented and allowed the men into her house. Once inside, a second man entered the house and began searching upstairs whilst the victim was counting out money to give to the first man.

The two men were disturbed by the victim’s carer and made off empty handed. Mcdonagh was acting as the getaway driver and despite driving away at speed with the two men, the vehicle’s registration was noted by local residents which enabled officers to link Mcdonagh to the crime.

When interviewed by the Police, Mcdonagh refused to answer questions. Police were unable to identify the other offenders and Mcdonagh was charged with burglary.

Despite pleading not guilty when first charged, Mcdonagh changed his plea to guilty on the first day of trial at Bristol Crown Court on 10 September.
