```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2021-02-23T15:23+00:00
  published:
    time: 2021-02-23T14:08+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5221035796'
og:
  description: Three males were seen leaving the scene around the time of the incident in a black Vauxhall hatchback.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200102141625/Can-you-help-car.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Did you witness catalytic converter theft in Bath car park? | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2021-02-23T15:23+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/did-you-witness-catalytic-converter-in-bath-car-park/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 14:08 on 23rd February 2021
title: Did you witness catalytic converter theft in Bath car park? | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2021/02/did-you-witness-catalytic-converter-in-bath-car-park/
```

An investigation is being carried out following the theft of a catalytic converter from a car in Bath last week.

At approximately 2.45pm on Thursday 18 February, the item was stolen from a Toyota Prius that was in a disabled bay within the Royal United Hospital's main car park.

Three white males wearing masks and hooded clothing were seen leaving the scene at around that time in a black Vauxhall hatchback, thought to be an Astra or a Corsa. We wish to speak to them in connection with our investigation.

Anyone who witnessed what happened, or may have footage showing the area, is asked to call 101 giving the call-handler reference number **5221035796**.

If you see someone acting suspiciously around a vehicle, report it to police on 101. Ideally, provide a vehicle registration/make/model and colour, and a description of the suspects. If you witness a crime in progress, call 999.

## You can help deter thieves by…

• Parking your vehicle in a secure garage overnight or somewhere that makes it difficult for thieves to access its underside

• Parking where neighbours and passers-by could see anyone tampering with the vehicle

• Installing motion activated security lighting or CCTV

• Marking your catalytic converter with a commercially-available etching kit or fitting a ‘cat’ clamp or alarm. This can also help police trace the item and prove a theft, helping us bring offenders to justice.
