```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-10-19T08:53+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-10-19T08:53+00:00
og:
  description: We wish to speak to three men seen on CCTV in connection with our ongoing investigation.
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20201019094951/Montpelier-assault-BeFunky-scaled.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: CCTV appeal after man assaulted in Montpelier | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-10-19T08:53+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/cctv-appeal-after-man-assaulted-in-montpelier/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:53 on 19th October 2020
title: CCTV appeal after man assaulted in Montpelier | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/10/cctv-appeal-after-man-assaulted-in-montpelier/
```

(L-R) We wish to speak to Male 1, Male 2 and Male 3 as part of our enquiries.

We're releasing CCTV images of three men we wish to speak to in connection with an assault investigation.

The incident happened at about 9.30pm on Saturday 15 August in the Richmond Road area of Montpelier.

The victim - a man in his 30s - was with a group of five other males when he was struck and fell to the ground. Several of the group then proceeded to kick the victim while he was on the floor. He suffered head and facial injuries and required hospital treatment, but has since been discharged.

The three men, pictured, we wished to speak to are described as:

 * **Male 1** - Approximately 18-25 years old, 6ft, medium build with short dark brown hair and a goatee. He was wearing a black hooded top, with ‘The Northface’ written in white on the left arm, black jogging bottoms with a white emblem and white trainers.
 * **Male 2** - Approximately 18-22 years old, 5ft 10ins, medium build with short dark brown hair and clean shaven. He was wearing a black Adidas hooded top with white stripes, black jogging bottoms and dark trainers with ‘Air’ written on the outside. He was also carrying a dark bag and was wearing white earphones.
 * **Male 3** - Approximately 18-23 years old, 5ft 10ins, medium build and with short dark hair, wearing a black top with Nike written in white across the chest, black Nike jogging bottoms and grey trainers. He also had a black bag.

PC Suzanne Ashley said: "This was a vicious assault, which left the victim in hospital.

"Thankfully this appears to be an isolated incident, but we're keen to hear from anyone who saw what happened or recognises any of these individuals."

If you can assist with our investigation, contact us online or call 101 and give reference **5220184796**.

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
