```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
incident:
  reference: '5219199195'
og:
  description: Did you see man jumping garden fence in Keynsham area&#8230;
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Appeal for witnesses after man is injured disturbing a burglar | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-injured-disturbing-a-burglar/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 09:54 on 30th August 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after man is injured disturbing a burglar | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2019/08/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-injured-disturbing-a-burglar/
```

We’re appealing for witnesses following an incident in which a householder was injured after disturbing a potential burglar, who may have been trying to enter his Keynsham home.

It happened at about 3pm yesterday afternoon (Thursday) in Willow Walk.

The victim had gone to collect something from his conservatory and saw a man trying the door handle.

When he challenged the suspect, the would-be intruder turned and slashed the victim with what appeared to be a Stanley knife.

The suspect then jumped over the garden fence into a neighbour’s garden before running from the area.

He is described as a white man, about 5ft 4ins tall, in his 20s and wearing a black cap, grey hooded top and black jogging bottoms.

The victim was taken to hospital for stitches for a slash wound, not believed to be life threatening of life changing. He remains in hospital.

We’re keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the Willow Walk area around the time of the incident who may have information to help our enquiries. If you are able to help, please contact us quoting 5219199195

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5219199195 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
