```yaml
area: Avon and Somerset
article:
  modified:
    time: 2020-07-28T15:30+00:00
  published:
    time: 2020-07-24T15:30+00:00
incident:
  reference: '5220163308'
og:
  description: Did you see the incident on Monks Park Avenue, Southmead, on Wednesday 22 July?
  image: https://media.aspolice.net/uploads/production/20200531184323/Can-You-Help_Car-1.jpg
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Avon and Somerset Police
  title: Collision being investigated as racially&#x2d;aggravated assault &#x2d; Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: 2020-07-28T15:30+00:00
  url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/collision-being-investigated-as-racially-motivated-assault-bristol/
position: '2'
publish:
  date: Posted at 16:30 on 24th July 2020
title: Collision being investigated as racially&#x2d;aggravated assault &#x2d; Bristol | Avon and Somerset Police
url: https://www.avonandsomerset.police.uk/news/2020/07/collision-being-investigated-as-racially-motivated-assault-bristol/
```

Detectives investigating a collision in Monks Park Avenue, Horfield, are now treating the incident as a serious assault that is racially aggravated.

At 4.30pm on Wednesday 22 July officers responded to a report of a collision involving a car and a pedestrian. Witnesses described seeing two men run off from the vehicle afterwards.

A man in his 20s was taken to hospital with head injuries and discharged the next day following treatment.

The road was closed while collision investigators examined the scene and the vehicle was recovered. We've now interviewed the victim and carried out house-to-house enquiries and are still in the process of taking more than a dozen witness statements.

Detective Inspector Danielle Underwood said: “We’re still in the early stages of our investigation, but the account of the victim and initial witnesses suggest a vehicle was deliberately driven at the victim and racist language was used following the collision. We have found no evidence to suggest there is a wider risk to the public.

"I appreciate and share the concerns people will have about this incident and I’d stress that it’s subject to a very thorough investigation by detectives working closely with our collision investigation colleagues.”

We're keen to hear from anyone with information which could help who has not yet come forward. If you saw a dark blue Honda Accord being driven in the area at around that time or have any CCTV or dashcam footage of the incident or the vehicle just beforehand, get in touch or call 101 quoting reference 5220163308.

The victim's family has thanked those who helped at the scene and people assisting us with our enquiries.

If you can help, please call 101 and give the call handler the reference number ** 5220163308 **

You can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court or have to speak to police when contacting Crimestoppers.
