```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Residents have the opportunity to speak to their local neighbourhood policing team.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community one stop shop coming to Spring Boroughs
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/community-one-stop-shop-coming-to-spring-boroughs/
publish:
  date: 10:22 09/08/2019
title: Community one stop shop coming to Spring Boroughs | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/community-one-stop-shop-coming-to-spring-boroughs/
```

Residents will have the opportunity to meet their local neighbourhood policing team on Tuesday (August 13) at a Northampton Community Safety Partnership One Stop Shop being held at the Springs Family Centre.

In the morning, residents will have the opportunity to get updates and chat to members of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team along with officers from Northampton Borough Council, Northampton Partnership Homes, Northamptonshire Energy Saving Service Bus and Veolia, with the aim of making a difference in Spring Boroughs.

In addition, residents who come along to the event will be able to benefit from the free refreshment, massages and nail treatments on offer as well as to get their kids involved in a fun, crime scene activity.

In the afternoon, young people can get involved in free sports sessions, music workshops and games with Northampton Leisure Trust, Inspiration FM and Ngage between 1pm and 4pm. From 4pm Free2Talk will be holding their weekly youth club, open to young people ages 12 to 19 years old.

Sergeant Rod Williams of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "These events are an ideal opportunity to work with our partners to engage with the Spring Borough community.

"It provides residents of all ages with access to their neighbourhood policing team, giving them the chance to raise any issues or concerns they may have locally, as well as pick up personal safety and crime prevention information."

Councillor Anna King, Cabinet member for community engagement and safety said: "Our partnership Action Days are a great way for residents to get involved and make their area a better place to live.

"We're looking forward to meeting residents in Spring Boroughs to talk through any issues they are experiencing and plan ways to make a difference together. We encourage as many people to come along as possible."
