```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Seven warrants executed across Burton Latimer and Kettering uncovered a large quantity of cocaine, &#163;15,000 in cash, a large quantity of designer goods and watches worth and resulted in the arrests of four people.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven warrants uncover cash and cocaine with four arrests made
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/seven-warrants-uncover-cash-and-cocaine-with-four-arrests-made/
publish:
  date: 15:15 30/12/2020
title: Seven warrants uncover cash and cocaine with four arrests made | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/seven-warrants-uncover-cash-and-cocaine-with-four-arrests-made/
```

Seven warrants executed across Burton Latimer and Kettering uncovered a large quantity of cocaine, £15,000 in cash, a large quantity of designer goods and watches, and resulted in the arrests of four people.

Four warrants were executed yesterday (Tuesday, December 29) in Wood Street, Lilac Place, Orchard Crescent and Orion Way in Kettering.

A further three warrants were then executed this morning (Wednesday, December 30) in Wood Street and Briar Road in Kettering and Kingfisher Way in Burton Latimer.

The warrants resulted in four arrests, the recovery of approximately £15,000 in cash, and a large quantity of what is believed to be cocaine.

Detective Inspector Dave Harley, said: "These were a very successful series of warrants which came about as a result of some excellent work by our Central Tasking Team.

"I hope these results demonstrate to the community that Northants Police will continue to take robust action against drug dealing across the county as and when we become aware of them.

"We urge anyone who is adversely impacted by drug dealing in their neighbourhood to pass any information they have to the police, either by calling us on 101, or by reporting it through Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. You can also report it to us online at www.northants.police.uk/ro.

"Sometimes it does take time to get to the stage where offenders can be charged and remanded, but we will keep going, and target these offenders until either they give up dealing, or they are brought to justice."

Dylan Joshua Vanstone, 27, of Wood Street, Kettering, and Louise Vanstone, 34, of Orchard Crescent, have been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs in connection with this operation and have been remanded into custody.

Two men, aged 26 and 26, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs, have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
