```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: New recruitment hub launched to help applicants as Force continues huge recruitment drive
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New recruitment hub launched to help applicants as Force continues huge recruitment drive
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/new-recruitment-hub-launched-to-help-applicants-as-force-continues-huge-recruitment-drive/
publish:
  date: 15:18 01/11/2019
title: New recruitment hub launched to help applicants as Force continues huge recruitment drive | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/new-recruitment-hub-launched-to-help-applicants-as-force-continues-huge-recruitment-drive/
```

People applying to join Northamptonshire Police can now get tailored careers advice, support and guidance as the Force launches an enhanced recruitment service at police headquarters accessible to the public.

The service is aimed at providing members of the public with information about how to apply and get one-to-one support as they go through the recruitment process, in a bid to encourage people to consider a career with Northamptonshire Police, as the Force continues with its largest recruitment drive in recent history.

Barbara Barrett, Head of People Services, said: "This is an exciting time for Northamptonshire Police. As a fast past, innovative organisation, we provide so many opportunities and challenges for people joining our police family.

"We are at the beginning of a three-year recruitment drive to increase police officer numbers significantly. We're also recruiting for control room operators, police community support officers, specials, as well as taking transferees from other forces. We also have a number of police staff vacancies across various departments.

"To help people navigate through what can be a challenging application and recruitment process, we have launched the People Services Hub. This will assist people through the various stages of the recruitment process and help answer related queries that people may have.

"We want the right people to reflect the Force and we want to ensure that we help them through the process in the next step on their career path."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold added: "This Hub is an investment in the future of Northamptonshire Police at a time when the most significant recruitment drive for many years is underway to give the Force more officers than it has ever had.

"It is really important that we attract people who are committed to giving their best to make this county safer and give them the information and support they need when they are considering a career with Northamptonshire Police."

Those wishing to access the Hub can arrange an appointment to visit Force Headquarters, Wootton Hall, by emailing recruitment@northants.pnn.police.uk or calling 101, extension 342401.

The service is accessible Monday to Friday between 11am and 2pm or 4pm and 5pm. Members of the public should report to reception for their pre-arranged appointment.
