```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Policing preparations are well underway for one of the country\u2019s largest sporting events taking place in Northamptonshire next month \u2013 the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix at Silverstone Circuit."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Final preparations underway for this year\u2019s F1 British Grand Prix policing operation"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/final-preparations-underway-for-this-years-f1-british-grand-prix-policing-operation/
publish:
  date: 10:03 19/06/2019
title: "Final preparations underway for this year\u2019s F1 British Grand Prix policing operation | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/final-preparations-underway-for-this-years-f1-british-grand-prix-policing-operation/
```

With less than a month to go, policing preparations are well underway for one of the country's largest sporting events taking place in Northamptonshire next month - the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix at Silverstone Circuit.

This year, the event will take place from 12 to 14 July and Northamptonshire Police has again been closely involved in the planning process to ensure racegoers have a safe and enjoyable experience during their visit to the circuit.

Last year's race saw more than 350,000 people attend the event. During the weekend, officers were on duty patrolling the circuit, the campsites and the surrounding road network, also supported by specialist officers including search teams, disruption officers and Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) units.

The 2019 event will be no different, with officers out in force throughout the weekend, both inside and outside the circuit, to ensure those attending the event and those living in the surrounding areas have access to support and advice. Racegoers can also expect to see a number of overtly armed officers in and around the circuit.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, the event commander for Northamptonshire Police, said: "We are working closely with Silverstone Circuit and our partners as the event approaches to ensure people are safe over the F1 British Grand Prix weekend, and that anyone looking to commit a crime doesn't succeed.

"We will have a large number of police officers, PCSOs, police staff, Specials and volunteers who will be on duty throughout the weekend, working alongside specialist teams including covert officers, armed officers and dogs.

"We have many years' experience of policing this event, however this doesn't mean we can be complacent. The security measures we are putting in place will be as stringent as ever and anyone thinking of taking advantage of the race weekend to commit a crime will be caught.

#### Security and advice

"For security reasons, people entering the circuit will again be subject to extra searches of their bags and their person. This will make entering the venue a little slower but security is paramount and people are asked to be patient.

"The public can also help us keep the event and those attending safe by being alert and vigilant for anyone or anything which looks out of place or suspicious, and reporting it to police on 101.

"Concerns or suspicions about terrorism or extremist activity can also be reported quickly and anonymously online via **www.gov.uk/ACT** or you can call police in confidence on 0800 789 321. Remember, in an emergency you should always call 999."

People can stay up-to-date about the policing operation at the event by following @NorthantsPolice on Twitter or by 'liking' Northamptonshire Police on Facebook. They can also find safety advice, security information and crime prevention tips on the Northamptonshire Police website at **www.northants.police.uk/silverstone**.
