```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A convicted sex offender who used Instagram to lure a 12-year-old girl to a Northamptonshire country park before sexually assaulting her has been jailed for 10 years.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Paedophile who used social media to lure a young girl is jailed for 10 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/paedophile-who-used-social-media-to-lure-a-young-girl-is-jailed-for-10-years/
publish:
  date: 15:22 15/03/2021
title: Paedophile who used social media to lure a young girl is jailed for 10 years | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/paedophile-who-used-social-media-to-lure-a-young-girl-is-jailed-for-10-years/
```

A convicted sex offender who used Instagram to lure a 12-year-old girl to a Northamptonshire country park before sexually assaulting her has been jailed for 10 years.

Northampton Crown Court was told Dave Tsouvallaris, aged 33, targeted the girl on social media before driving from his home in Kineton Road, Sutton Coldfield, to meet her at Irchester Country Park

Once there, he spent six hours with his victim, during which he sexually assaulted the child and then took her back to her home address.

The defendant and his car were identified by CCTV at the park. Subsequent vehicle checks also revealed he had hired the vehicle the previous day and he was caught on camera driving between the West Midlands and Northamptonshire on the day.

The court was told the offences took place in August 2018, but it was two years before Tsouvallaris finally pleaded guilty - on the eve of his trial - to two counts of sexual touching.

Sentencing Tsouvallaris, Judge Adrienne Lucking QC said the assaults had caused "serious psychological harm" to the victim and the offending was an "escalation" of offending, a reference to a 2015 conviction for six counts of making indecent images of children.

He was sentenced to a determinate extended sentence of 10 years and two months of which he will serve six years and two months in prison and the remainder on an extended licence.

He was also placed on the Sex Offender Register for life.

PC Selena Leppard, of Northamptonshire Police's Child Protection Team, said: "The victim showed bravery and great courage to speak up about what happened to her, potentially saving other young girls from the same fate. "Tsouvallaris believed he was able to evade being found out by hiring a car and travelling out of county to these commit offences.

"He has a predisposition of offending against children and is deemed to be a risk to the community. I am relieved to know he is no longer at liberty from offending against those most vulnerable.'
