```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: An officer investigating a child sex offence involving an underage boy has spoken of the devastating impact the case has had on the victim.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two-year community order for &#39;predatory paedophile&#39;
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/two-year-community-order-for-predatory-paedophile/
publish:
  date: 14:53 17/07/2020
title: Two-year community order for &#39;predatory paedophile&#39; | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/two-year-community-order-for-predatory-paedophile/
```

An officer investigating a child sex offence involving an underage boy has spoken of the devastating impact the case has had on the victim.

He spoke after Rushden man, 39-year-old Daniel Wainwright, was given a two-year community order at Northampton Crown Court after having penetrative sex with an underage teenage boy a number of years ago.

Detective Constable Mark Allbright, from the force's Child Protection Team said: "Wainwright is a predatory paedophile whose vile behaviour was only discovered when someone walked in on him and the victim and quite rightly reported it to the authorities.

"The impact the grooming, manipulation and abuse has had on the victim cannot be underestimated. Such was the extent of that manipulation, he believed he was in an exclusive, loving relationship and he was devastated to hear the offender was also in a relationship with several other people simultaneously.

"I'd like to commend the victim and his family for their bravery and support throughout what has been a difficult investigation which illustrates how seriously we take reports of this nature. We will always listen to and believe victims and will leave no stone unturned to see that justice is done."

Wainwright will be on the sex offenders' register for five years and a sexual harm prevention order was also made banning him from joining any groups where children may be present or from working with children.

Specialist officers will be monitoring him to ensure he complies with these restrictions and if there are any breaches he faces a custodial sentence.

Judge Rebecca Crane made the following remarks as she sentenced him last Friday: "You took advantage of him (the victim), particularly as he confided in you about his sexuality.

"He had believed this was a loving relationship but he became aware you were having a sexual relationship with other people.

"It's clear it's affected him terribly. It's affected his friendships with other people. You saw this as a consensual relationship but, given his age, he couldn't consent."

In addition to the two-year community order, Wainwright was sentenced to a 50-day rehabilitation requirement, ordered to carry out 180 hours of unpaid work and was given a two-month curfew to run from 8pm to 6am each day.

Wainwright admitted three counts of sexual activity with a child, covering 12 different occasions. He worked as a primary school teaching assistant in the county at the time and was also the CEO of an amateur-dramatics group.

Help and advice:

Report a concern at http://www.northamptonshirescb.org.uk/worried-about-a-child-/

Report concerns to the Multi Agency Safeguarding Hub (MASH) on 0300 126 1000.

Call police on 101 or if you have any concerns a child is in immediate danger, call 999.

If you're worried about a child, even if you're unsure, you can contact the NSPCC helpline to speak to one of their counsellors. Call them on 0808 800 5000, email help@nspcc.org.uk or fill in their online form.
