```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 13:07 23/12/2020
title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

PC Dave Lee from the Safer Roads Team explains how Operation Journey is helping to improve road safety across the county.

Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.

**Thursday, December 17:**

• A 31-year-old man from Brixworth was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Friday, December 18:**

• Martin Thornton, aged 50, of Diamond Drive, Irthlingborough, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 12.

• Tyler Tansley, aged 28, of The Hedges, Higham Ferrers, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 21.

• Mohammed Sharif, aged 27, of Perry Street, Northampton, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 12.

**Saturday, December 19:**

• Ghenadie Bejan, aged 36, of Harefield Road, Northampton, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 12.

• Sergiu Orzea, aged 38, of Hidcote Close, Northampton, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 12.

• Louis Mpofu, aged 26, of Bishopdale Road, Leicester, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Friday, January 22.

• A 23-year-old man from Stamford was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

• A 26-year-old man from Kettering was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 47-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

**Sunday, December 20:**

• A 32-year-old man, of no fixed address, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 20.

• Clince Joy, aged 26, of Talbot Road, Northampton, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 12.

• Nathan Leigh, aged 35, of Rectory Road, Rushden, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 14.

**Monday, December 21:**

• Omar Ugur, aged 48, of Larix Court, Brent, London, was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 14.

• A 26-year-old woman from Bodicote was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. She has been released under investigation whilst enquiries are completed.

**Tuesday, December 22:**

• Iulian Zavragiu, aged 25, of Western Road, Wolverton, was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 14.

To report suspected drink or drug driving in confidence, call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or call Northamptonshire Police on 101. In an emergency, call 999.
