```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Members of the Special Constabulary dedicate patrols to support Operation Crooked.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special focus on reducing burglary and vehicle crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/special-focus-on-reducing-burglary-and-vehicle-crime/
publish:
  date: 08:37 17/10/2019
title: Special focus on reducing burglary and vehicle crime | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/special-focus-on-reducing-burglary-and-vehicle-crime/
```

Reducing the number of residential burglaries is one of Northamptonshire Police's priorities, and members of the county's Special Constabulary have been playing a key role following the launch of Operation Crooked.

Since April, officers from Northampton, Wellingborough and East Northants have volunteered more than 1,400 hours to target those who are committing burglaries and vehicle crime in our communities.

More than 200 Specials from the three areas have carried out dedicated proactive patrols in the evening and at weekends, which has resulted in officers responding to 93 emergency incidents.

In addition to this, the Specials have also made 12 arrests, carried out nine stop and searches, submitted intelligence reports, seized 15 vehicles and reported a further 17 traffic offences.

As part of their activities, uniformed and plain-clothed officers have increased foot patrols in communities which have been hardest hit by burglary and vehicle crime offences.

Special Inspector Kevin Freeman of the Northampton district, said: "We have had a great response from members of the public, who have welcomed the additional patrols in their community.

"By dedicating our time to Operation Crooked, we have been able to respond to burglaries in progress, suspicious people hanging around or ANPR hits on vehicles linked to burglaries.

"It has also meant we have been able to support our colleagues in the Force to gather and build intelligence around those who are committing these offences."

Their hard work has not gone unnoticed, and Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, recently joined members of the Northampton Specials on patrol in the town.

Special Inspector Freeman added: "Operation Crooked has been a fantastic team effort by all the Specials from across the county. It is always great to receive recognition for our work and so we were delighted Stephen asked to join us."

Mr Mold said: "The public have told me clearly they want to see Northamptonshire Police robustly tackling burglary and other crime and there could not be a better example of how that is happening than the operation I joined.

"It was great to see everyone working together and I must thank every member of our Special Constabulary for the unique contribution they make to policing in Northamptonshire. Their enthusiasm and professionalism was humbling and I really enjoyed being part of their team."
