```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold has joined Nick Adderley, Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, and Darren Dovey, Chief Fire Officer, to reassure people that their emergency services are working hard to keep the county safe.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Message of reassurance from Police and Fire in Northamptonshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/march-20/message-of-reassurance-from-police-and-fire-in-northamptonshire2/
publish:
  date: 14:45 18/03/2020
title: Message of reassurance from Police and Fire in Northamptonshire | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/march-20/message-of-reassurance-from-police-and-fire-in-northamptonshire2/
```

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold has joined Nick Adderley, Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, and Darren Dovey, Chief Fire Officer, to reassure people that their emergency services are working hard to keep the county safe.

"While people are being told to work at home, our officers and staff are still at work, ready and prepared to meet the changing needs and the challenge of keeping the county safe, as they always do," Nick Adderley said.

"Our contingency plans are under review on a daily basis and we are working with our partners in the NHS and other agencies through the county's emergency planning arrangements to ensure that we can respond flexibly to any new situation.

"I want our officers and staff to be confident that we are following the best advice to ensure their welfare, and I want the public to be aware that we are continuing to respond, to fight crime and keep them safe, as we always do."

Chief Fire Officer Darren Dovey said that Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service has contingency plans that are under review on a daily basis to ensure that they can respond to emergencies.

"We have stopped doing some community-focussed work to ensure that our firefighters and staff remain fit and well and are able to respond to emergencies in the normal way," Darren Dovey said.

"We have put plans in place to ensure that our ability to respond to fires, accidents and other emergencies is not affected. We are working hard to protect the people of Northamptonshire and support our colleagues through this difficult period for the country," he added.

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "The message from the Chief Constable and the Chief Fire Officer is that we can be confident in their ability to keep the county safe.

"I have made sure that both the Force and the Fire and Rescue Service have the resources they need to ensure they have capacity and resilience during this unprecedented situation and I would like to thank them and all their officers, fire fighters and staff for the commitment they are showing to keeping us all safe.
