```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The policing operation for the 2019 British MotoGP at Silverstone has been a huge success with more than 155,000 race-goers enjoying a virtually crime-free weekend.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing operation for 2019 British MotoGP hailed a success by event commander
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/policing-operation-for-2019-british-motogp-hailed-a-success-by-event-commander/
publish:
  date: 14:36 25/08/2019
title: Policing operation for 2019 British MotoGP hailed a success by event commander | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/policing-operation-for-2019-british-motogp-hailed-a-success-by-event-commander/
```

The policing operation for the 2019 British MotoGP at Silverstone has been a huge success with more than 155,000 race-goers enjoying a virtually crime-free weekend.

Since the operation started at 7am last Thursday, August 22, just two crimes have been recorded - a theft and an incident of drug possession. A man wanted for a breach of a court order was also arrested as part of the ANPR aspect of the operation.

The policing operation has been extremely wide-ranging, going far beyond the circuit itself and involving patrols overnight and during the racing in campsites, car parks and the surrounding road network.

A number of specialist police assets have also been deployed across the race weekend including search teams, disruption officers, firearms officers, covert police officers and the Force's ANPR unit.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, event commander for Northamptonshire Police, said: "I'm really pleased that all of the planning and security measures put in place as part of the policing operation have ensured that all of our MotoGP fans have enjoyed a safe and fun weekend.

"We may have policed this event and the F1 at Silverstone for a number of years but every year, the same meticulous planning goes in and it's great to see that once again, it's paid off.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all my officers and staff who have worked really hard over the weekend to ensure this operation has been successful and the racegoers themselves who have engaged really well with the officers in and around the circuit."

Superintendent Murray also paid tribute to the many partner agencies who have worked alongside Northamptonshire Police over the past few days, including colleagues at Thames Valley Police, EMAS, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service, the Army and Silverstone Circuit themselves.
