```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police issue fresh appeal on the Sarah Benford murder, 20 years to the day after the teenager was last seen in Kettering.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue fresh appeal on the Sarah Benford murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/police-issue-fresh-appeal-on-the-sarah-benford-murder/
publish:
  date: 09:01 06/04/2020
title: Police issue fresh appeal on the Sarah Benford murder | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/police-issue-fresh-appeal-on-the-sarah-benford-murder/
```

**Police issue fresh appeal on the Sarah Benford murder, 20 years to the day after the teenager was last seen in Kettering.**

The detective leading Northamptonshire Police's cold case team say they remain determined to solve the investigation into murdered Kettering teenager Sarah Benford.

Sarah was last seen in Kettering 20 years ago today (April 6, 2000) after vanishing from the Welford House children's home in Northampton.

The 14-year-old has never been seen since and, in 2003, Northamptonshire Police launched a murder investigation.

Over the years, a number of people have been arrested and subsequently released while extensive searches carried out in Kettering, London and Wales have come to nothing.

Police have pursued thousands of lines of inquiry and taken hundreds of statements, but the case - one of the most high profile unsolved murders in Northamptonshire - remains open.

Det Sergeant Julie Gallagher from the Cold Case team, said: "It is 20 years today that Sarah was last sighted in Kettering town centre. She was only 14 years of age when she went missing.

"The cold case team will continue to investigate Sarah's disappearance and we continue to appeal to the public for any information.

"This remains a live case and we will always investigate new lines of inquiry.

"We still believe Sarah was murdered not long after she was last sighted.

"I'm sure there will be people in the Kettering area who may have some information which they have not yet told police. Two decades on, we are still urging anyone with information to contact Northamptonshire Police on 101."
