```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is again naming those charged with drink driving as part of its annual campaign to tackle offending over the festive period.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorists charged with drink and drug driving named as part of annual festive campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/motorists-charged-with-drink-and-drug-driving-named-as-part-of-annual-festive-campaign/
publish:
  date: 08:09 18/12/2020
title: Motorists charged with drink and drug driving named as part of annual festive campaign | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/motorists-charged-with-drink-and-drug-driving-named-as-part-of-annual-festive-campaign/
```

Northamptonshire Police is once again naming drivers charged with drink driving as part of its annual festive campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.

As part of the month-long campaign, those caught driving under the influence of alcohol will be publicly named on the Northamptonshire Police website and social media. This is the fourth time the Force has taken such a hard line approach.

Officers from across the Force will be targeting those who choose to drink or take drugs and drive in a bid to keep the roads safer over the festive period, and anyone found to be over the limit will face the full force of the law.

PC Dave Lee from the Safer Roads Team, said: "There is absolutely no excuse or circumstance that could ever justify drink or drug driving - it is exceptionally selfish and reckless. Not only are you risking your own life, but those of innocent road users.

"The majority of people know how dangerous it is to take the risk of driving under the influence and though we share this message every year, I guarantee there will be some who still choose to ignore it. Please don't be one of these drivers.

"We will be out in force throughout December, ready and waiting to seek strong penalties for all those found to be offending. If you do not want a conviction for drink or drug driving, please make sure your name is not included on our list."

Since the launch of the campaign on December 1, officers have arrested 41 drivers across the county - 31 for driving while over the prescribed limit for alcohol and 10 for driving while unfit through drugs. These were:

**Tuesday, December 1:**

• Jake Tear, aged 19, of Croft Lane, Roade was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 22.

• Paul Lucian Tamas, aged 35, of East Paddock, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 22.

• A 55-year-old woman from Wellingborough was arrested for failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. She has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Wednesday, December 2:**

• Artur Belcerzak, aged 33, of Fieldfare Green, Luton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, April 27.

• Jamie Wingrove, aged 32, of Welsh Road West, Southam was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, April 6.

• Dharmin Desai, aged 34, of Southgate Drive, Kettering was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 22.

• A 19-year-old man from Grendon was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 30-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 26-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Thursday, December 3:**

• A 37-year-old man from Kettering was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• A 31-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Friday, December 4:**

• Charlie Burlington, aged 22, of Cantle Close, Corby was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• A 26-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 32-year-old man from Barton Seagrave was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 32-year-old woman from Kettering was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. She has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Saturday, December 5:**

• Michael Gibbs, aged 44, of Grange Road, Northampton was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• Eelika Yardley, aged 34, of Parsons Piece, Banbury was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. She will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• A 25-year-old man from Corby was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Sunday, December 6:**

• Nicholas Belshaw, aged 30, of Talbot Road, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• Alexandru Berzan, aged 41, of Grendon Walk, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, April 29.

• Royce Joyce, aged 39, of Portland Place, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, May 4.

• A 19-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 20-year-old man from Ilford, Essex was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Monday, December 7:**

• Jason Davies, aged 48, of Ynsllwyd Street, Aberdare was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, May 4.

**Tuesday, December 8:**

• Philip King, aged 48, of Pomfret Court, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, April 13.

**Wednesday, December 9:**

• Mariusz Pochlopien, aged 26, of Lyveden Way, Corby was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 6.
Thursday, December 10:

• A 21-year-old woman from Raunds was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol following a collision. She has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

• A 41-year-old man from Easy Haddon was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol following a collision. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Friday, December 11:**

• William Nicholson, aged 24, of Coventry Road, Bulkington was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, May 11.

**Saturday, December 12:**

• Vitalijs Saveljevs, aged 30, of Romany Road, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, May 11.

• Gheorghe Cristea, aged 32, of Tavistock Square, Corby was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

**Sunday, December 13:**

• Katie Marks, aged 31, of Grove Street, Wellingborough was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. She will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

• Partheepan Pakeerathan, aged 25, of Stimpson Avenue, Northampton was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

• Pavitar Chahal, aged 43, of Copdale Road, Leicester was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

• A 35-year-old man of no fixed address was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

• Ricky Day, aged 32, of Priory Road, Wellingborough was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 13.

• A 29-year-old woman from Higham Ferrers was arrested on suspicion of was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol. She has been released under investigation pending blood results.

**Monday, December 14:**

• A 27-year-old man from Northampton was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Tuesday, December 15:**

• Prapakar Arulprakafam, aged 39, of Chesterfield in Derbyshire was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 20.

**Wednesday, December 16:**

• Nebi Mata, aged 34, of Balfour Close, Northampton was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 14.

**Court result:**

The following person has appeared at Northampton Magistrates' Court charged with failing to provide a specimen:

• Bogdan Urlache, aged 36, of Ivy Road, Northampton was given a 12 month driving disqualification, ordered to complete a community order, and pay fines and costs totalling £180\. He was charged on Saturday, December 12.

To report suspected drink or drug driving in confidence, call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or dial 101. In an emergency, call 999.
