```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A pair of burglars have been jailed for two years and six months apiece as part of Operation Crooked.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pair of burglars sent to jail as part of Operation Crooked
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/pair-of-burglars-sent-to-jail-as-part-of-operation-crooked/
publish:
  date: 08:51 18/02/2020
title: Pair of burglars sent to jail as part of Operation Crooked | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/pair-of-burglars-sent-to-jail-as-part-of-operation-crooked/
```

A pair of burglars have been jailed for two years and six months apiece as part of Operation Crooked.

Ben Ginn, 43, and Allan Upton, 31, both previously of Northampton, were both sentenced at Northampton Crown Court for one count of burglary and three counts of attempted burglary.

On the night of Wednesday, November 6, Ginn and Upton made their way to Penfold Lane in Northampton where they broke into a garage in the area and stole a bicycle. They then attempted another burglary in the same area before also attempting to burgle another a property in Worcester Close and a property in Whiteheart Close.

Ginn was arrested on the night after he tried, unsuccessfully, to play hide and seek with PD Walt (pictured). Upton was arrested a few days later.

The pair were both sentenced to two years and six months in prison for their crimes.

Detective Inspector Wayne Preece, said: "This is another great result for Northamptonshire Police's Burglary Team - two more burglars taken off our streets to spend some time behind bars.

"Home invasions or attempted home invasions leave a person feeling scared and vulnerable and this is something we won't stand for - everyone has the right to feel safe in their homes.

"Burglaries continue to reduce in Northamptonshire as part of Operation Crooked but we will not take our foot off the gas.

"We will continue to work hard to both investigate and prevent burglaries, making the message that this county is a hostile place to burglars, crystal clear."

PC Kyle McGregor who works as PD Walt's handler, said: "This case is a stark reminder to burglars that the deployment of police dogs is a tactic we are not afraid to use when burglars try and escape.

"As this case shows, in a race between a highly-trained dog and a burglar, there will only be one winner."

Operation Crooked is Northamptonshire Police's campaign to reduce burglary - a top priority for the Force. As part of the operation, the Burglary Team, which sits within CID, ensures that every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police.

They are also working to review and drive up the quality of investigations, manage and progress forensic hits, hunt down wanted people, organise police patrols in areas of concern and gather intelligence to prevent burglaries before they happen."

## Ben Ginn

## Allan Upton
