```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov joined Muslim, Christian, Jewish and Sikh community members for an interfaith dinner.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Communities brought together for multi-faith meal
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/communities-bought-together-for-multi-faith-meal/
publish:
  date: 14:53 11/06/2019
title: Communities brought together for multi-faith meal | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/communities-bought-together-for-multi-faith-meal/
```

Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov joined Muslim, Christian, Jewish and Sikh community members for an interfaith dinner.

The well-attended event, which brought together people from all communities and faiths, began with a series of speeches on Ramadhan, faith and growing a generation of love and peace to overcome hate and conflict.

Organised by the Northampton Association of Muslim Police, in conjunction with charity the Dialogue Society, the interfaith gathering brought together people from different faiths, to increase understanding and develop friendships.

Amongst those who joined in the evening were Northamptonshire Police and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold and Professor at the Open University Sophie Watson.

Speaking at the event Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov, said: "I'd like to start with a quote I've often heard repeated, 'everyone we meet is fighting a battle we know nothing about. Be kind always.'

"Communities are so different to the traditional views of community. You can be part of an online community and not even know the person you're in the community with. With these new communities, like social media, people are permitted to have hateful views and express them openly.

"If the right to hate has gone viral and global, then the right to love has gone viral and global.

"The potential impact of the individual, communities coming together in collaboration, begins with one person, starting that process."

Chair of the Northamptonshire Association of Muslim Police, Sophia Perveen, who organised the event, said: "Bringing communities together has always been important, but more so now in the current climate.

"Introducing and showing people that individuals from different walks of life and different professions, can come together, in dialogue, in eating, in engaging, can only help to improve our understanding and our county."
