```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers issued a &#163;10,000 fine last weekend after being called to reports of a house party.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue &#163;10,000 fine for breach of Covid-19 legislation
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/police-issue-10000-fine-for-breach-of-covid-19-legislation/
publish:
  date: 16:46 11/12/2020
title: Police issue &#163;10,000 fine for breach of Covid-19 legislation | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/police-issue-10000-fine-for-breach-of-covid-19-legislation/
```

Police officers issued a £10,000 fine last weekend after being called to reports of a house party.

Officers attended the property in Northampton on Saturday, December 5, and found more than 100 people in attendance.

The organiser of the party was issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice for breaching Covid-19 legislation and issued with a £10,000 fine.

An investigation is also underway after police were called to a restaurant in Kettering on Wednesday, December 9, where a wedding reception was taking place, also in breach of Covid-19 legislation. Police and local authorities are looking to take enforcement against both the people in attendance and the business.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett from Northamptonshire Police, said: "Throughout this pandemic we have aimed to take a fair and proportionate approach to reports of people breaking the law.

"However, in both of these cases the individuals involved knew they were breaking the law, putting the safety of others at risk and so it is right that we take enforcement action.

"The vast majority of people in Northamptonshire have been sticking to the rules in order to help stop the spread of Covid-19, and the selfish actions of those who think the law doesn't apply to them could put that in jeopardy.

"The news of a vaccine is great and is something we can all take hope from, however, it is vital that we all continue to follow the rules while it is rolled-out.

"We remain in Tier 2, which means there should be no household mixing indoors, you should abide by the Rule of Six outdoors and pubs must only operate if they are serving food."

Police will continue to conduct patrols throughout the Christmas period, responding to reports of Covid-19 breaches and continuing to enforce the law.

Supt Foskett added: "The Government has announced that up to three households can mix in a bubble between December 23 and December 27, however there has been no further relaxation of the rules.

"We are aware of some speculation that workplace Christmas parties are able to take place because it can be classed as a work meeting. This is not the case and you will be breaking the law if you decide to go ahead and meet with colleagues in a social capacity.

"We know this has been an exceptionally difficult year and want people to be able to enjoy themselves this Christmas, however, with the end of the pandemic now hopefully in sight, I again urge people to follow the rules and help us to protect your friends and family."
