```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A German Shepherd called Nero was able to leave a life of pain and suffering, when Northamptonshire Police seized him from his owners.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: German Shepherd swaps life of pain for life of luxury
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/german-shepherd-swaps-life-of-pain-for-life-of-luxury/
publish:
  date: 09:32 24/02/2020
title: German Shepherd swaps life of pain for life of luxury | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/german-shepherd-swaps-life-of-pain-for-life-of-luxury/
```

A German Shepherd called Nero was able to leave a life of pain and suffering, when Northamptonshire Police seized him from his owners.

Nero first came to the attention of officers when he was tied to a post outside a shop in Kettering and bit an elderly man who was passing.

PC Ebony Pharo responded to the call and she was also attacked by Nero. Thankfully she was unharmed but Nero was seized from his owners and taken to police kennels where he was very aggressive and hostile.

However, Northamptonshire Police's Dog Legislation Officer, PC Eva Horn, spent some time observing him and noticed that he couldn't sleep because every time he lay down on his side, he bolted upright in apparent pain.

PC Horn decided to inspect Nero more closely and found that he was wearing a prong collar underneath his very long fur. Prong collars are designed to check dogs for pulling by inflicting immediate discomfort.

PC Horn immediately removed the collar from Nero's neck and the police vet prescribed him with pain killers and anti-inflammatory medication for the damage the collar had inflicted as well as for untreated arthritis in his right shoulder.

Nero's temperament dramatically improved in the following days. He was trained and taught various commands, undergoing a course of rehabilitation.

His previous owner was found guilty at Northampton Magistrates' Court and ordered to complete 50 hours of unpaid work as a result of the offence as well as pay £150 in compensation to the elderly man Nero bit. He was also disqualified from owning dogs for three years.

Nero was sent to a specialist rehoming centre where his current owner fell in love with him.

At 11-years-old, Nero was finally pain-free and living out the rest of his life on a farm with a swimming pool and plenty of space for him to roam.

PC Eva Horn, said: "Thinking about Nero in the lap of luxury in his new home still fills me with pleasure. I look back on this case as the first job as the Force's Dog Legislation Officer that I was 100% pleased with the outcome of.

"Nero's life before he was taken into police custody was miserable. Prong collars are commonly misused and in the wrong hands, can potentially cause serious physical and emotional damage to dogs.

"Northamptonshire Police really does care about animal welfare and I hope this case demonstrates that we will always seek to find the best outcome where possible."
