```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police made five arrests and seized a number of items yesterday (Tuesday, October 6) after ten warrants were executed across the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ten warrants executed in one day to tackle Wellingborough gang violence
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/ten-warrants-executed-in-one-day-to-tackle-wellingborough-gang-violence/
publish:
  date: 15:07 07/10/2020
title: Ten warrants executed in one day to tackle Wellingborough gang violence | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/ten-warrants-executed-in-one-day-to-tackle-wellingborough-gang-violence/
```

Northamptonshire Police made five arrests and seized a number of items yesterday (Tuesday, October 6) after ten warrants were executed across the county.

Police officers visited ten addresses across the course of the day - eight in Wellingborough, one in Northampton, and one in Corby.

Five arrests were made of people believed to be involved in gang activity - a boy aged 17, a girl aged 16, and three men aged 19, 27 and 28. A sixth arrest of another 27-year-old man was also made this morning (Wednesday, October 7).

As well as the arrests, a number of items were seized including a quantity of Class A and B drugs, a BMW car suspected to have been used in crime, a Taser, a Samurai sword and several mobile phones.

Detective Inspector Dave Harley, said: "Yesterday's warrants were very successful in that we got a number of significant arrests made and some dangerous items seized.

"We remain relentless in our determination to tackle the recent issues in Wellingborough and I hope the work we have been doing reassures the local community that we are taking what has been happening in your area very seriously.

"We believe that the six associates we have arrested are connected to gang violence and now I want to use this opportunity to directly appeal to people on the periphery of a gang or any parents or guardians concerned about their children getting involved in one.

"Note how I use the word 'associate' instead of 'friend' - be under no illusion that there is any loyalty or support in a gang or that it is all glamourous or without risk.

"As a police officer, I have seen it so many times - young men left vulnerable to assaults and serious harm from rivals, as well as arrest and imprisonment, by associates who are doing no more than using those young people to take all the risk."

**It is never too late for a person to turn away from a gang or a life which involves crime and we can help you. Call CIRV any time, day or night, on 07539 183975** **, or visitwww.cirv-nsd.org.uk.**

If you have information about drugs, weapons or criminal activity in your area, please contact us. You can call 101 or speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. If you do not want to speak to anyone, use our online reporting form at www.northants.police.uk/ro.
