```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A cannabis factory was discovered at a property in Abington, Northampton overnight, after officers responded to calls about a suspected burglary.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reports of burglary led to discovery of cannabis factory in Abington, Northampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/reports-of-burglary-lead-to-discovery-of-cannabis-factory-in-abington-northampton/
publish:
  date: 12:16 03/07/2020
title: Reports of burglary led to discovery of cannabis factory in Abington, Northampton | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/reports-of-burglary-lead-to-discovery-of-cannabis-factory-in-abington-northampton/
```

A cannabis factory was discovered at a property in Abington, Northampton overnight, after officers responded to calls about a suspected burglary.

Police were called at about 3.30am today, Friday, July 3, after witnesses reported seeing three men attempting to break in to the house in Clarke Road.

The men had made off by the time officers attended and, due to concern for the welfare of any residents, gained access and found a significant amount of cannabis being cultivated throughout the property.

PC Russell Barnes said: "This was an extensive set up with approximately 200 plants being cultivated across all floors of the house.

"Although this offence was discovered as a result of officers attending a burglary, it was due to the vigilance and community spirit of members of the public who reported the suspicious activity that we became aware and were able to take action.

"Information from the community is vital in helping us gather the intelligence and evidence we need to tackle drug related crime. Thanks to the support of the public, a number of active cannabis factories have been discovered in recent weeks as part of our ongoing crackdown on the production and supply of illegal drugs, and I'd like to thank the community for their ongoing help and support.

"Tackling drug crime is a priority for Northamptonshire Police and I would urge the community to keep reporting suspicious activity to us, whatever form it takes."

Anyone with information relating to this incident or who is aware of or concerned about any other suspicious activity in the area is asked to call Northamptonshire Police on 101. Alternatively, they can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Incident number: 20000338184
