```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is issuing a call-to-action to any local businesses who would like to take positive action and help the local community in these difficult and challenging times.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Covid-19 crisis: a call-to-action for Northampton\u2019s Business Community"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/march-20/covid-19-crisis-a-call-to-action-for-northamptons-business-community/
publish:
  date: 14:57 27/03/2020
title: "Covid-19 crisis: a call-to-action for Northampton\u2019s Business Community | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/march-20/covid-19-crisis-a-call-to-action-for-northamptons-business-community/
```

Northamptonshire Police is issuing a call-to-action to any local businesses who would like to take positive action and help the local community in these difficult and challenging times.

MYBKYD is an existing partnership programme set up by the Force which works with businesses to support vulnerable and marginalised people in the county, in effect, playing a part in making their 'backyard' a safer and happier place for those who live and work in the county.

In response to the current global crisis, MYBKYD is being expanded in order to channel any help local companies can offer the local community and offer businesses an opportunity to play a greater part in the effort to keep the county safe.

Examples of help which companies may be able to offer may be in the form of making vans available to distribute food, warehouse storage space, people, products or packing materials. Whatever businesses are able to offer will be added to the resources available to the Local Resilience Forum which co-ordinates the multi-agency county response to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly said: "This is an incredibly difficult time for people and we know that includes the business community which will be facing its own particular challenges.

"This is a global crisis and it's affecting us all and we know people often feel powerless to help, which is why we are making this call-to-action so that those that are able to can do their bit for their community.

"We also understand some may want to help but not be in a position to do so but those that can should fill in the form below. At this time we are just looking to identify what resources your company may be able to offer to support this crisis effort."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "This is a difficult time for everyone and businesses are certainly feeling that impact of that too. I know that the Force has already been inundated with offers of help from all quarters and it is great that MYBKYD is able to offer an existing network that can help any business that wants to, play a part in supporting the wider community."

**If you can help please email** **MYBKYD@northants.pnn.police.uk ****and you will be sent a form to fill in with details of what you can offer.**

This information will be collated so that as the crisis develops we can quickly see what resources our business community can provide should we need to call upon them.

**We hope you can help us to keep our county working together for everyone 's wellbeing. **
