```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Northampton are are tackling crime head on in Northampton town centre with proactive policing securing some excellent results in the past month.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive policing tackles crime head on in Northampton town centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/proactive-policing-tackles-crime-head-on-in-northampton-town-centre/
publish:
  date: 12:04 26/11/2020
title: Proactive policing tackles crime head on in Northampton town centre | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/proactive-policing-tackles-crime-head-on-in-northampton-town-centre/
```

Police officers in Northampton are are tackling crime head on in Northampton town centre with proactive policing securing some excellent results in the past month.

With a focus on drugs and shoplifting, Operation Challenge, which launched on October 17, 2020, has seen police officers conducting regular patrols and stop searches in the town to both tackle and prevent crime.

Seven people have already been arrested for shoplifting as a result of the operation with offences ranging from £410 worth of goods being stolen from Morrison's and B&M, to two people arrested in connection with a theft from Boots, and a woman arrested after goods were stolen from Savers in Gold Street.

Drugs also continue to be a priority for the team with positive stop searches taking Class A and B drugs off our streets and arresting the drug dealers responsible.

So far, 23 stop searches have resulted in criminality being uncovered, perhaps most notably on November 16, when officers stopped a 16-year-old Luton boy and a 22-year-old London man in Horsemarket and found them to be in possession of more than 200 wraps of Class A drugs, suspected to be heroin and crack cocaine. Both were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

Superintendent Kev Mulligan, said: "Gone are the days when we would simply react to incidents. Now we are actively looking for the people who blight our streets committing crime and we will continue to stop them in their tracks and bring them to justice.

"We have a zero-tolerance approach which comes straight from the top of the Force and I know that our proactive policing model has been received very well by members of the public and businesses alike who are sick and tired of the small minority affecting their ability to enjoy living in Northampton.

"My team are relentless and I am hugely proud to lead such a talented and dedicated group of individuals who are absolutely committed to making Northampton as safe as it can possibly be.

"From shoplifting to Class A drugs, we just won't stand for it, and are now best positioned to tackle it head on. There are no plans to let up - more than 60 intelligence logs have been submitted and we are steadfast in our desire to carry on in this vein, not taking our foot off the gas and bringing the fight directly to the criminals."
