```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Drivers planning to attend an unauthorised car drifting event in Northamptonshire this weekend are being advised the police use of dispersal powers will mean it\u2019s not worth the journey."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car drifting enthusiasts warned against travelling to Northamptonshire for illegal event
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/car-drifting-enthusiasts-warned-against-travelling-to-northamptonshire-for-illegal-event/
publish:
  date: 14:54 21/06/2019
title: Car drifting enthusiasts warned against travelling to Northamptonshire for illegal event | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/car-drifting-enthusiasts-warned-against-travelling-to-northamptonshire-for-illegal-event/
```

Drivers planning to attend an unauthorised car drifting event in Northamptonshire this weekend are being advised the police use of dispersal powers will mean it's not worth the journey.

Northamptonshire Police is aware of a possible event planned on public roads in the Corby area on Saturday, June 22.

If an unauthorised gathering does take place anywhere, officers will use dispersal powers under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 to move people on and prevent the event going ahead.

Police can also use section 50 of the Police Reform Act 2002 to compel anyone acting in an anti-social manner to provide their name and address.

Sergeant Robert Offord, of the Kettering and Corby Rural Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Unauthorised events on public roads aren't just illegal, they are unsafe and put participants and spectators at significant risk of collisions and injury.

"We've also found events like this leave behind shredded tyres and spilled oil, endangering other road users, as well as causing anti-social behaviour issues for the local community.

"Northamptonshire Police won't tolerate this type of dangerous driving and anti-social behaviour. If an event does take shape here, our Safer Roads Team and the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team will be taking firm action to move on anyone attending, and anyone caught driving unlawfully will be prosecuted."

Anyone with information about any event of this nature is encouraged to call Northamptonshire Police on 101, or 999 in an emergency.
