```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The brand new East Midlands Cyber Secure website has everything you need to know about how you can best protect your personal details, teach children how to be safe online in respect of the Computer Misuse Act, and safeguard your business from hackers and other cyber criminals.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018Something for everyone\u2019 on new East Mids Cyber Secure website"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/something-for-everyone-on-new-east-mids-cyber-secure-website/
publish:
  date: 11:30 10/02/2021
title: "\u2018Something for everyone\u2019 on new East Mids Cyber Secure website | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/something-for-everyone-on-new-east-mids-cyber-secure-website/
```

Over the past 12 months, as the world slowed down due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the cyber world has notched up a gear.

We've seen cloud-based video conferencing platforms being used to live-stream weddings, birthday parties and funerals, classrooms move onto a virtual platform and online sales ignite across the globe. However, in a world where you can buy, search, read or watch just about anything over the web in the comfort of your own home, you still need to make sure you are protecting yourselves and your businesses.

Remember, you don't need to step foot out of your front door to be a victim of theft or fraud.

The brand new East Midlands Cyber Secure website has everything you need to know about how you can best protect your personal details, teach children how to be safe online in respect of the Computer Misuse Act, and safeguard your business from hackers and other cyber criminals. Whether you're a parent, teacher, online-shopper, IT network manager or part of a senior leadership team, there's something for everyone.

The website has been created by the East Midlands Cyber Protect Network - which consists of police officers and staff from the five forces in the region and is coordinated by the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) - with a goal of protecting as many people and organisations as possible from cybercrime.

It was launched yesterday, Tuesday, February 9, which was national Safer Internet Day, and the theme this year is around exploring reliability online. Do you think you could spot a scam email? What about a fake payment website? Tips on all of this, and more, can be found on the East Midlands Cyber Secure website.

EMSOU's T/Deputy Chief Constable Paul Gibson said: "Technology is a fundamental facet of our everyday lives. You may think the smartphone or tablet you're holding is what the criminals are interested in, but in fact, the data they store is just as valuable, if not more so; a worthy target for criminals.

"The pandemic has seen many of us work from home or in a more agile way, often making multiple Wi-Fi connections throughout the day, but without proper security in place, it could be as dangerous as leaving your front door unlocked or windows wide open.

"Cyber is constantly evolving and it can be easy to feel overwhelmed by it all. Our aim for the website is to make sure that all of the information provided is as accessible as possible. We have downloadable resources and easy-to-follow video guides. You can rest easy knowing that all of this information has been provided by the police. No gimmicks or sales pitches, just a website of facts, created by police officers and staff you can trust."

Visit the website at: www.EastMidlandsCyberSecure.co.uk
