```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A motorist who caused a fatal collision in roadworks on the M1 in Northamptonshire has today (Monday, March 15) been jailed for four years.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver who caused fatal accident in M1 roadworks is jailed for four years
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/driver-who-caused-fatal-accident-in-m1-roadworks-is-jailed-for-four-years/
publish:
  date: 16:41 15/03/2021
title: Driver who caused fatal accident in M1 roadworks is jailed for four years | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/driver-who-caused-fatal-accident-in-m1-roadworks-is-jailed-for-four-years/
```

A motorist who caused a fatal collision in roadworks on the M1 in Northamptonshire has today (Monday, March 15) been jailed for four years.

Konrad Biadun, of Golders Green, London, was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving following a four-day trial last month, more than two years after the collision on the morning of January 23, 2019.

Her Honour Judge Crane also disqualified Biadun from driving for six years and ordered he take an extended retest. A forfeiture order was also placed on his car, a Toyota Avensis.

Northampton Crown Court had been told how the 42-year-old was driving south on the M1, between junctions 15 and 14, when he suddenly slammed his brakes on almost coming to a stop before swerving into a nearby refuge area.

However, the heavy braking caused a Mercedes HGV to brake suddenly and a vehicle behind the lorry, a Renault Master van driven by 60-year-old Kevin Huntley, from Kempston in Bedfordshire, drove into the back of it. Mr Huntley was fatally injured.

The collision happened in a 50mph speed limit area where roadworks were in place for the installation of a stretch of so-called SMART motorway.

Biadun left the scene before later reporting his involvement when he returned to his home in the capital.

DC Bruce Wilson, from the Force's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Biadun's decision to almost stop on a running motorway caused a collision resulting in other drivers needing to take evasive action with fatal and tragic consequences.

"A momentary and unnecessary lapse in concentration and awareness led to a death which could so easily have been avoided. This sentence sends out a very strong message around driver responsibility."
