```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Motorists were stopped as part of a special traffic operation in Corby town centre on Friday morning (January 15) organised by Northamptonshire Police in response to community concerns.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team take action after community concerns
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/corby-neighbourhood-policing-team-take-action-after-community-concerns/
publish:
  date: 14:46 18/01/2021
title: Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team take action after community concerns | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/corby-neighbourhood-policing-team-take-action-after-community-concerns/
```

Motorists were stopped as part of a special traffic operation in Corby town centre on Friday morning (January 15) organised by Northamptonshire Police in response to community concerns.

Members of the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team, Northamptonshire Specials Constabulary and the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), carried out the checks in George Street.

Only taxis and buses are permitted to use George Street, between 8am and 6pm Monday to Saturdays, while other vehicles such as cars, motorbikes and vans are restricted to access only during these times.

Between 9.30am and midday, a total of 18 motorists were stopped, which resulted in two vehicles being seized for having no insurance and a further two issued with DVSA prohibition notices - tyre defect and a number plate offence.

While four people were issued with £200 fixed penalty notices for breaching Covid-19 restrictions around unnecessary travel. As part of the national lockdown, only essential journeys are permitted.

PC Chris Vickers of Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "This operation was set up after concerns were raised by the local community about motorists ignoring the traffic restrictions and using the no-through route as a normal road.

"There are road signs in place at either end of George Street, and these restrictions have been in operation for a number of years, so there is no excuse for motorists to ignore them.

"As a result of Friday's operation, we have received some positive feedback from members of the local community who regularly use George Street, in particularly Blue Badge holders and pedestrians."
