```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Representatives from police, fire and ambulance services joined together on Wednesday (September 9) to mark Emergency Services Day and recognise the valuable service provided by our service personnel.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "County\u2019s emergency services join together to mark Emergency Services Day"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/countys-emergency-services-join-together-to-mark-emergency-services-day/
publish:
  date: 13:04 11/09/2020
title: "County\u2019s emergency services join together to mark Emergency Services Day | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/countys-emergency-services-join-together-to-mark-emergency-services-day/
```

Representatives from Northamptonshire's police, fire and ambulance services joined together on Wednesday (September 9) to mark Emergency Services Day and recognise the valuable service provided by our service personnel 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days of the year.

Emergency Services Day, or 999 Day, is a national day of recognition to shine a light on the fantastic work of the men and women of our NHS and emergency services.

Attending the evening event was ACC James Andronov of Northamptonshire Police, Chief Fire Officer Darren Dovey of Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue, as well as Michael Jones of the East Midlands Ambulance Service. The event was also attended by dignitary High Sheriff Paul Parsons and his wife, Poosie.

Joining together with five of the county's Northamptonshire Emergency Services Cadets (NESC), recognition and appreciation was shown for the service men and women working across the UK in our emergency services, both current and retired.

Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov was moved by the event, and was glad to take this opportunity to reflect and show appreciation for the hard work and commitment of our emergency services workers.

He said: "In light of the current Coronavirus pandemic, this year's Emergency Services Day is even more poignant. Throughout the current pandemic, we have officers on duty working tirelessly across the county to fight crime and protect the people of Northamptonshire, we have fire service personnel responding to incidents day and night, and of course we have the invaluable staff working hard within the NHS to combat the pandemic.

"I am grateful to have this opportunity to come together and shine a light on Emergency Services Day, but most importantly, I am grateful to each and every officer, Special Constable, PCSO, and member of staff working in our county's emergency services for continuing to keep our communities safe from harm."

Chief Fire Officer Darren Dovey said: "This day has really given us an important opportunity to pause and reflect on the huge contribution made by those in the emergency services.

"Dealing with the pandemic has brought fresh challenges to all those working in the NHS and across police, fire and ambulance services, which we have worked together to tackle in the best way possible.

"I appreciate how these times have brought these organisations closer together in working hard to keep Northamptonshire safe. This has been a special time to pay tribute to the bravery, commitment and community concern that people in the public services demonstrate on a daily basis."

Michael Jones, General Manager for Northamptonshire at East Midlands Ambulance Service added: "It has been a real honour to mark Emergency Services Day with my colleagues from Northamptonshire Police and Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue.

"Within Northamptonshire, we have a very close working relationship with our emergency services colleagues and this has only been built on during the last few months during the pandemic.

"We are incredibly grateful for the support of our colleagues from police and fire during these unprecedented times, helping to support our staff and patients who need us the most and this day has been a great opportunity to reflect on the hard work and commitment of all services and staff especially during this time."
