```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police teams up with neighbouring forces for day of action on major road network
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Forces work together to target vehicle offences across three counties
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/forces-work-together-to-target-vehicle-offences-across-three-counties/
publish:
  date: 09:56 29/05/2019
title: Forces work together to target vehicle offences across three counties | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/forces-work-together-to-target-vehicle-offences-across-three-counties/
```

Officers from Northamptonshire Police joined colleagues from neighbouring forces and partner agencies last Wednesday (May 22) as part of a day of action targeting vehicle offences across three counties.

The operation was carried out with Warwickshire Police and Leicestershire Police in partnership with Highways England, HMRC, Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) Enforcement, Trading Standards and Warwickshire Rural Watch.

Throughout the day, vehicles were stopped and taken to the A5 Truck Stop near Lilbourne. Checks were made around vehicle safety including load security, vehicle weight, driver hours, vehicle excise duty and insurance.

Of the 68 vehicles checked, four were seized for having no insurance and one for having no tax. One driver was reported for a load security issue and another for having exceeded the working time rules.

In addition, five advice notices were issued and four warning notices for vehicle defects. Some 10 traffic offence reports were issued for various offences including using a mobile phone while at the wheel.

PC Dave Lee of Northamptonshire Police's Safer Road Team, said: "This operation was a huge success and a great example of partnership working at its best.

"We are all committed to improving road safety across our forces and by working together we can ensure those using our roads are doing so legally."

As a main artery for transport and bordering all three counties, The A5 Partnership was set up to provide the opportunity for all three forces to work together with partner agencies to improve road safety.
