```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign2/
publish:
  date: 15:35 30/12/2020
title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign2/
```

Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.

**Thursday, December 24:**

• Ruhell Ali, aged 47, of Haynestone Road, Coventry, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 19.

• James McClafferty, aged 37, of Crick Close, Corby, was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Monday, January 25.

• Valetin Bandula, aged 40, of Maidencastle, Northampton, was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 21.

**Friday, December 25:**

• Harry-Andrei Matei, aged 30, of Senwick Drive, Wellingborough, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 19.

• Emanuel Marusceac, aged 23, of Hazelwood Road, Corby, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 19.

• A 30-year-old man from Barby was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 39-year-old man from Kettering was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

**Saturday, December 26:**

• Ruslans Cerepanaks, aged 41, of North Holme Court, Northampton, was charged with being drunk in charge of a motor vehicle. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, January 21.

• Samir Calan, aged 32, of Blundell Road, Edgware, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 26.

• Ibidapo Awosanya, aged 41, of Walmer Terrace, London, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 26.

• A 44-year-old man from Daventry was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

• A 41-year-old woman from Wellingborough was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. She has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

**Sunday, December 27:**

• Gary Slater, aged 31, of Swale Drive, Northampton, was charged with failing to provide a specimen after being stopped by officers. He will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Thursday, May 27.

**Tuesday, December 29:**

• Mihaela Uratu, aged 36, of Woodpecker Way, Northampton, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. She will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 26.

• An 18-year-old man from Chatteris in Cambridgeshire, was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

**Court result:**

Edwin Joseph Collier, aged 54, of no fixed address, appeared at Wellingborough Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, December 29, charged with disqualified driving and driving under the influence of alcohol.

Collier was sentenced to 20 weeks imprisonment, received a three year driving disqualification, and ordered to pay £213 in costs and victim surcharge. He was charged and remanded in custody after being stopped by officers on Monday, December 28.

To report suspected drink or drug driving in confidence, call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or call Northamptonshire Police on 101. In an emergency, call 999.
