```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police has shared a number of pictures to help keep children entertained at this difficult time.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Children\u2019s creative colouring challenge"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/childrens-creative-colouring-challenge/
publish:
  date: 09:52 06/05/2020
title: "Children\u2019s creative colouring challenge | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/childrens-creative-colouring-challenge/
```

To show our support to parents and children across the county, and as a thank you for continuing to stay at home and save lives, Northamptonshire Police has shared a number of pictures to help keep children entertained at this difficult time.

One of our officers has hand-drawn three pictures to help keep children entertained - all that is missing is some colour and a little artistic magic.

The pictures are available to download on the Northamptonshire Police website. Once they are coloured in, children are encouraged to hang them in the windows of homes to support those working to keeping you safe.

Our officers will take photos of any pictures they see whilst out on patrol and tweet them. Parents with social media accounts can also take photos of their children with their picture and tag us on Twitter @NorthantsPolice.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly, who is leading the Northamptonshire Police response to the COVID-19 pandemic, said: "With many of us parents ourselves and facing similar struggles, we can appreciate the difficulties which parents and carers face at this time.

"We would appreciate seeing the final pictures, so families are encouraged to put the pictures up in their windows to show support for Northamptonshire Police, the NHS and our keyworker colleagues.

"Our officers on patrol will keep an eye out for the pictures, taking photos and tweeting them to our social media channels to recognise your children's artistry - or if you'd like to tweet us your photo, we'd love that too!

"We just wanted to take a moment to say thanks and that we're all in this together. We hope you and they enjoy this and please stay home and save lives."

The pictures can be downloaded below and can be tweeted to us @NorthantsPolice.

Police officer - downloadable here

PCSO - downloadable here

Police officer and motorbike - downloadable here

Police dog and handler - downloadable here

Police officer and car - downloadable here
