```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: With nearly 40 warrants executed in less than two months and more already in the pipeline, the police officer in charge of north Northamptonshire is determined not to take his foot off the gas.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cops on the north continue to see good results - arrests, charges and even stolen dogs found and reunited with their owners
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/cops-on-the-north-continue-to-see-good-results---arrests-charges-and-even-stolen-dogs-found-and-reunited-with-their-owners/
publish:
  date: 09:00 28/08/2020
title: Cops on the north continue to see good results - arrests, charges and even stolen dogs found and reunited with their owners | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/cops-on-the-north-continue-to-see-good-results---arrests-charges-and-even-stolen-dogs-found-and-reunited-with-their-owners/
```

* 37 warrants executed in less than two months
 * Charges for attempted murder, assault, drugs and weapons offences
 * Stolen dogs found and reunited with their owners
 * Police Superintendent - "We are relentless and we will continue to be relentless. The intelligence continues to come in thick and fast and the drug dealers are worried - they know we're coming."

With nearly 40 warrants executed in less than two months and more already in the pipeline, the police officer in charge of north Northamptonshire is determined not to take his foot off the gas.

Superintendent Dennis Murray and his team have had another successful period policing north Northamptonshire, gaining more arrests and charges for a variety of offences and taking drugs and weapons off our streets.

Crack cocaine and drugs paraphernalia were seized from an address in Wellingborough's Hemmingwell estate on Thursday, August 20, with Aaron Jay Mansfield, 18, of Nest Farm Crescent, charged with Possession with Intent to Supply Class A drugs in connection with the raid.

On August 25, community intelligence led officers to an address in Wellingborough Road, Rushden, where they found a cannabis factory spread across four rooms inside the house. Ndue Biba, 23, of Tottenham, London, has been charged with producing cannabis in connection with the incident.

Earlier on in the month, two women and a man were stopped in a car in Balmoral Avenue, Rushden, with a quantity of Class A drugs seized from inside the silver Honda Civic. All three were then arrested on suspicion of Possession with Intent to Supply Class A drugs.

However, drugs offences are not the only crime that has led to good results for the team in recent weeks.

Following a burglary at a restaurant in Wollaston on August 12, some quick work by officers and the Force Control Room led to a silver Honda CRV being identified as suspected to be involved.

The vehicle was eventually located by ANPR, and intercepted coming back from Bedfordshire, where two men and a woman were subsequently arrested. A large quantity of whiskey was also successfully recovered and the vehicle was also seized for having no insurance.

An incident on August 14 saw a suspicious silver Nissan Micra tracked to Northampton by the team, where it was stopped and found to contain a knife. A 51-year-old man was subsequently arrested. John Christopher Teague, 51, of Rothesay Road, Northampton, has since been charged with possession of a knife in connection with the incident.

After an incident at the beginning of August where one of our police officers was assaulted by having a jar thrown at him at an address in Burton Latimer, a 37-year-old man was arrested. Philip James Moore, 37, of Kettering, has since been charged with assaulting an emergency worker in connection with the incident.

On August, 16, an arrest was made in relation to the theft of two pet spaniel dogs from Rothwell. The spaniels had been stolen earlier in the week with the incident attracting a lot of attention across social media and the local press. Thanks to some very quick work by the team, the dogs were reunited safe and well with their owners.

Finally this month, a 16-year-old boy became the seventh person to be charged in connection with an attempted murder at a caravan park in Irchester which happened on New Years' Day.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "It has been another successful fortnight for us and the results here are just a snapshot of the good work that happens on an hourly basis across this Force.

"I am pleased to see more drugs taken off our streets and more people arrested, charged and remanded for a variety of offences. These successes are the result of the hard work and dedication of those who work for us. They really care about making their communities a better place and remain steadfast in their determination to fight crime and protect the people in this county.

"Rest assured, we are not going to take our foot off the gas. Yes we have had some really good results and great achievements from our warrants, but that is not enough. We have more warrants planned and have no plans to let up.

"We are relentless and will continue to be relentless. The intelligence continues to come in thick and fast, on drugs especially, and one of the things that is clear now is this, the drug dealers are worried - they know we're coming."
