```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Officers taking part in a festive operation to tackle criminality turned their focus to burglary yesterday, December 18.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the seventh day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Team gave to you\u2026"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-seventh-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 12:56 19/12/2020
title: "On the seventh day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Team gave to you\u2026 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-seventh-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-team-gave-to-you/
```

Officers taking part in a festive operation to tackle criminality turned their focus to burglary yesterday, December 18.

The Northampton Neighbourhood Team had a busy day visiting victims of burglary to offer reassurance, complete house-to-house enquiries and offer crime prevention advice.

They also worked closely with the Burglary Team to identify burglary hotspot areas and conducted high visibility patrols across Abington Vale, Westone and Headlands.

Officers were also deployed to Duston, Far Cotton and Wootton where the handed out more than 200 burglary prevention packs to local residents.

The team also conducted disruption visits to people suspected of being involved in committing burglaries and arrested a 24-year-old man on suspicion of burglary following an incident in Warkworth at the end of November. He remains in custody at this time.

PC Allan Whenmouth from the Northampton Neighbourhood Team, said "Burglary remains a priority for us and we spent the day ensuring that those who commit burglaries do not become complacent into thinking that the police will not disrupt and pursue them. The arrest is one of many arrests for burglary in the force over recent weeks, and we will continue to bring those to justice who break into people's homes.

"As well as tackling those we believe are involved in committing burglaries, we have been raising awareness with local residents across the area around the topic of crime prevention. We know that more than 30 per cent of residential burglaries occur through unlocked or open doors and windows, so simple steps such as ensuring your house is secure could go a long way into reducing the chances of a crime occurring."

Other things you could consider are:

 * **Make your house look lived-in** \- Burglars won't be tempted by a full house. If you're out during the night, keep your lights on a timer and consider keeping your radio playing so it seems like someone is home.
 * **Lock up when you leave** \- Make sure all the windows of your house, vehicle, garages and sheds are securely locked at all times. Not only can valuable tools be appealing to burglars, they can also be used to force entry to a home. If you have a PVC-U or multi-lock door, ensure that you lift up the handle and turn and remove the key.
 * **Keep valuables out of sight** \- Keys, wallets, mobile phones and laptops left in view can entice opportunist thieves. Try to keep them hidden in a safe place or store them out of view of windows.
 * **Don 't give crooks an easy entry** \- Never leave keys under a doormat or in a flowerpot - it's the first place a would-be offender will look.
 * **Look out for neighbours** \- Ask a friend to keep an eye on your house if you go away, and do the same for neighbours. Stay alert to suspicious activity on your street. Consider joining a neighbourhood watch scheme and sign up to Neighbourhood Alert.
 * **Security mark your property** - High-value belongings such as laptops, tablets, smartphone and games consoles using UV pens, and make sure you register them on www.immobilise.com This can help police to return any items that are stolen to their rightful owners.

If you have any information about burglary or who may be involved, you can let us know by visiting northants.police.uk, calling 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Members of the Northampton Neighbourhood Team handing out burglary prevention packs
