```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: As the UK moves into the next phase of the easing of lockdown restrictions, Northamptonshire Police is urging people to stick to the rules to ensure Covid-19 rates continue to fall.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: People encouraged to stick to the rules as lockdown easing continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/people-encouraged-to-stick-to-the-rules-as-lockdown-easing-continues/
publish:
  date: 12:37 29/03/2021
title: People encouraged to stick to the rules as lockdown easing continues | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/people-encouraged-to-stick-to-the-rules-as-lockdown-easing-continues/
```

As the UK moves into the next phase of the easing of lockdown restrictions, Northamptonshire Police is urging people to stick to the rules to ensure Covid-19 rates continue to fall.

From today, Monday, March 29, people are allowed to meet outdoors in groups of up to six or two households, outdoor sport and leisure facilities can reopen, and formally organised outdoor sport can resume.

The 'stay at home' rule also ends today, but people are urged to minimise travel, and continue to wear face masks where required, observe social distancing and carry out regular hand washing.

To support all the work that NHS and council partners are doing to reduce coronavirus cases in the county, the Force will continue to enforce the rules around Covid-19 where necessary.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, silver commander for the Force's response to Covid-19, said: "We understand today marks an important step forward for the UK, but it's really important we all remember that this is a transition point, not an ending to regulations.

"As we have done throughout the pandemic, our officers will continue to engage with people and explain what they are required to do to play their part, and if they do not comply we will continue to use Fixed Penalty Notices."

The latest figures released by the National Police Chiefs' Council show that between February 15 and March 14, Northamptonshire officers issued 802 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) for Covid-19 breaches, meaning the Force has now issued 2,756 FPNs since March 2020.

In light of current high Covid-19 case rates in Corby, the Force has increased joint patrols planned with local partners, both in the town and in open spaces such as parks.

County-wide, the Force has increased activity around schools for community reassurance and to ensure school drop-offs and pick-ups are carried out in a Covid-safe way.

Increased patrols of open spaces are also planned over the Easter period, when people are likely to be out and about meeting family and friends.

Supt Foskett said: "Now it is possible for people to meet outdoors in groups of up to six, or for two households to meet, we really need everyone to stick to these limits, which exist to help save lives.

"The risk of coronavirus does not disappear today, it remains and is as serious as it ever was. We all need to continue to play our part and follow the rules through this next phase so that further lifting of restrictions can go ahead at the earliest dates as set out by the Government.

"Bending or breaking the rules now is likely to mean delays to that process, which no-one wants to see. Our communities have played their part admirably throughout the pandemic, and I'm sure they will continue to act responsibly now the end is hopefully in sight."
