```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "A group of youngsters playing in Northampton\u2019s Kings Heath Park got to check out the wheels of their local neighbourhood policing team while officers provided tips on how to stay safe."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: April action days to promote personal safety
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/april-action-days-to-promote-personal-safety/
publish:
  date: 11:16 10/04/2019
title: April action days to promote personal safety | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/april-action-days-to-promote-personal-safety/
```

A group of youngsters playing in Northampton's Kings Heath Park got to check out the wheels of their local neighbourhood policing team while officers provided tips on how to stay safe.

Officers visited the new multi-purpose skate park on Monday evening (April 8) as part of a joint community safety partnership action day organised by Northampton Borough Council.

PC Michael Roger of the Northampton Central Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Following recent issues with large groups of youths riding their bikes in the town centre, it is important that they experience positive contact with the police.

"Some of the youngsters enjoyed climbing in our van, while we carried out security marking on their bikes. We also gave them a few safe cycling tips as well as some advice on personal safety in general.

"These events are an ideal opportunity to work with our partners to provide people of all ages with access to a range of personal safety and crime prevention tips and information in their local community."

__

_Children enjoyed a look inside the police van._

Monday's event at Midsummer Meadow and Kings Heath Park was the first of four community safety events which will be held in the town centre during the school's half-term break.

In addition to information leaflets, protective credit card cases, personal alarms and protective bottle caps, members of the public visiting the partnership stall will be able to speak to officers and get their bike security tagged.

Councillor Anna King, Cabinet member for community engagement and safety, said: "The sunnier weather and lighter days at this time of year, unfortunately can see anti-social behaviour and crime spike.

"We hope our partnership action days, not only help to make the police and our enforcement officers more visible but also give people plenty of tips and aids which can help prevent them becoming a target of crime."

The second action day will be held this Friday (April 12) at All Saints Plaza between 1pm and 3pm. A further two events will take place at Midsummer Meadows next Wednesday (April 17) between midday and 2pm and in the Grosvenor Centre on Thursday, April 18, from 11am to 1pm.
