```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in the north of the county have once again reaped the rewards of their hard work after another cracking week of good results.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Yet another week of great results for the cops in North Northants
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/yet-another-week-of-great-results-for-the-cops-in-north-northants/
publish:
  date: 15:18 21/05/2020
title: Yet another week of great results for the cops in North Northants | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/yet-another-week-of-great-results-for-the-cops-in-north-northants/
```

Police officers in the north of the county have once again reaped the rewards of their hard work after another cracking week of good results.

On Monday, two warrants were executed in Windmill Avenue, Kettering, with £2000 in cash seized and a 31-year-old man arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property.

On Tuesday, £10,000 in cash was seized from a property in Ollis Close, Corby, following a warrant, and a 27-year-old Corby man was arrested on suspicion of a number of drugs offences.

On Wednesday, a car key burglary took place in Davies Close, Kettering, in which a Toyota Yaris was stolen. A quick response saw the car tracked down and returned to the owner with a 15-year-old boy arrested in connection with the offence.

Yesterday also saw a day of action in Wellingborough in which a number of warrants were executed in Fulmar Lane, Sandpiper Lane, Kilnway, Knights Court and Kittiwake Close. £25,000 worth of drugs and a significant amount of cash were recovered with 20-year-old Jani Smith, of Kiln Way, and 18-year-old Aaron Jay Patrick Smith, of Sandpiper Lane, charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. A third man, aged 30, was also arrested and released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Another warrant earlier in the week was executed in Poppy Fields, Kettering, where 252 wraps of crack cocaine, 53 wraps of heroin and several mobile phones were seized. 20-year-old Tyrese Briscoe, of Birmingham, was arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A 38-year-old woman was also arrested this week in connection with a distraction burglary in Minerva Way, Wellingborough, in which a woman purporting to be from Age Concern tricked her way into an elderly man's house a number of times at the beginning of May in order to steal money.

Chief Inspector Scott Little, said: "We have stepped up our approach to enforcement recently and we will continue to be absolutely relentless when it comes to fighting crime and protecting people in Northamptonshire.

"My message to drug dealers and people who are committing crime in this county is simple - we may not get you today, or tomorrow, but we are watching you, and eventually we will catch up with you and bring you to justice.

"Everyone deserves to feel safe in their local area and to have a police force they feel is on their side and cares about the issues that affect them.

"I hope this week demonstrates that despite the COVID-19 pandemic, policing is still very much business as usual, and that the local community is reassured that Northamptonshire Police is working hard to keep you safe and will continue to do so."
