```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is asking the public to join the Force to commemorate Stephen Lawrence Day
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force pledges support for first national Stephen Lawrence Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/force-pledges-support-for-first-national-stephen-lawrence-day/
publish:
  date: 14:07 18/04/2019
title: Force pledges support for first national Stephen Lawrence Day | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/force-pledges-support-for-first-national-stephen-lawrence-day/
```

The first annual Stephen Lawrence Day takes place on Easter Monday (April 22) and Northamptonshire Police is asking members of the public to join the Force to commemorate the event.

Plans to hold the national day of commemoration was announced by Prime Minister Theresa May at a special memorial service held in London last year to mark the 25th anniversary of Stephen's death.

Following the service at St Martin-in-the-Field Church in Trafalgar Square, Ms May said the day will be used to encourage and support young people in achieving their dreams and reflect Stephen's life, death and the positive change he has inspired.

Stephen was just 18-years-old when he was murdered in an unprovoked racist attack while waiting at a bus stop with his friend, Duwayne Brooks in Eltham, South East London on April 22, 1993.

His death became one of the highest profile racial killings and a watershed moment in UK history, which not only changed society's attitude towards race relations but also had a positive impact in British law and police practices.

Stephen had aspirations to become an architect and at the time of his murder was studying for his A-Levels. He never had the opportunity to fulfil his dreams, which has inspired the theme for the day - Live Our Best Life.

To mark the event, the Force would like help from members of the public to inspire young people across the county to be the best that they can be by creating a number of trees of pledges which will then go on display at Police Headquarters.

Head of Neighbourhood Policing & Local Partnerships at Northamptonshire Police, Chief Superintendent Mick Stamper, said: "Stephen Lawrence Day is the opportunity to celebrate diversity across the county and come together as a community.

"By using the memory of Stephen's life and his legacy, we want people of all ages to celebrate young people and the positive contributions they make to our society and lives.

"To do this we would like to create a tree of pledges which will be used to inspire and encourage young people in Northamptonshire to live their best life and not to be too afraid to dream.

"A Pledge can be anything which you already do to help and support young people. Or even just a piece of advice on what you did to live your best life when you're younger.

"We would also like to young people to get involved and help to inspire their peers by sharing their own dreams and aspirations on the trees."

Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "The legacy of Stephen Lawrence's tragic death must be that we inspire young people to create a society where everyone can achieve and be their best. I'm excited to see what the young people of Northamptonshire tell us through these pledges."

The trees will be at the Guildhall in Northampton, Corby Cube and the Swansgate Centre in Wellingborough. The public can leave their pledges from Tuesday (April 23) until Friday, April 26, between 9am and 5.30pm.
