```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is pleased to announce the return of its popular BikeSafe workshop which were put on hold as a result of the Covid-19 restrictions imposed in March.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: BikeSafe workshops resume in Northamptonshire under new Covid-19 guidelines
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/bikesafe-workshops-resume-in-northamptonshire-under-new-covid-19-guidelines/
publish:
  date: 09:45 07/09/2020
title: BikeSafe workshops resume in Northamptonshire under new Covid-19 guidelines | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/bikesafe-workshops-resume-in-northamptonshire-under-new-covid-19-guidelines/
```

Northamptonshire Police is pleased to announce the return of its popular BikeSafe workshop which were put on hold as a result of the Covid-19 restrictions imposed in March.

The Force is running seven workshops for motorcyclists this month (September), and although, six of the dates are fully-booked, there is still availability on Sunday, September 27.

BikeSafe is a national police-led scheme which aims to reduce the number of riders killed or seriously injured on our road by offering workshops for those who have passed their motorcycle tests and ride 125cc bikes and above.

Operating from Force Headquarters in Northampton, the full-day workshop costs £65\. It provides both theory and practical sessions, with participants learning the advanced riding techniques used by police motorcyclists.

Trained assessors offer advice and guidance on a range of topics including hazard awareness, cornering, overtaking, junctions, group riding and filtering to ensure the riders have the skills to stay safe on the roads at the end of the course.

BikeSafe National Lead, Superintendent Kev Mulligan of Northamptonshire Police, said: "We have 34 police forces across the UK delivering workshops, some of which have been delayed starting up or have reduced capacity due to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic.

"Where events are being held such as in Northamptonshire, each workshop follows current Public Health England advice and regulations and are carried out under strict socially-distant conditions to ensure safety is assured.

"I am committed to holding as many BikeSafe workshops as we can to help keep our bikers, our roads and our communities as safe as possible. However, while safety is of course paramount, but that doesn't have to mean boring.

"The hints and tips riders take from us will see them getting more from themselves and their machines and I guarantee BikeSafe will be one of the best investments they will ever make. Not just in monetary terms, but they will leave with a greater knowledge and understanding of what it takes to be a good biker."

For more information about BikeSafe or to book and sign up for a workshop, visit www.bikesafe.co.uk
