```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Two young girls have sent their well wishes to Police Dog Nala following an injury sustained on duty last month.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CWe were so upset to hear that you had been hurt by bad people\u201D \u2013 young girls\u2019 well wishes to injured PD Nala"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/we-were-so-upset-to-hear-that-you-had-been-hurt-by-bad-people.--young-girls-well-wishes-to-injured-pd-nala/
publish:
  date: 11:31 14/08/2020
title: "\u201CWe were so upset to hear that you had been hurt by bad people\u201D \u2013 young girls\u2019 well wishes to injured PD Nala | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/we-were-so-upset-to-hear-that-you-had-been-hurt-by-bad-people.--young-girls-well-wishes-to-injured-pd-nala/
```

Two young girls have sent their well wishes to Police Dog Nala following an injury sustained on duty last month.

Nala was injured on July 1 during an incident where a large vehicle failed to stop for police. She bravely entered the vehicle, receiving facial injuries as a result, before one of the offenders kicked out at her.

Four men, aged 25, 33, 34 and 43, were all subsequently arrested in connection with the incident.

As a result of hearing Nala's story, Poppy, aged 8, and Gracie, aged 11, were inspired to get in touch with the Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner (OPFCC) to offer treats to aid the brave police dog's recovery.

As such, the OPFCC and the Northamptonshire Police Dog Section arranged for Police Dog Handler, PC Kyle McGregor, and PD Walt to make a visit to the girls at home.

As well as greeting Walt with a treat and some necessary fussing, the girls had prepared a list of burning questions to ask PC McGregor about the dog section and some of its four-legged colleagues - a list which was as beautifully decorated as their handmade card to Nala.

Inside the card, Poppy and Gracie sent their well wishes to Nala: "We were so upset to hear that you had been hurt by bad people when you were trying to do something good, protecting people from criminals, it made us cry so much.

"We have bought you some treats as chocolate always makes us feel better!"

Poppy and Gracie's mum, Jodine, contacted the OPFCC after the event to share her thanks: "I cannot thank you all enough for the service you all provide to keep us all safe in Northampton, but also for the kind and thoughtful time you made to visit us.

"We've had the most incredible experience, and I'm not sure the girls will ever stop talking about it! Poppy has now decided that when she grows up, she's going to become a police officer just like PC McGregor."

On meeting Poppy and Gracie, Police Dog Handler, PC Kyle McGregor, said: "It was an absolute pleasure for both myself and Walt to meet Poppy and Gracie. It was great to speak to them and answer all of their questions about the Force's dog section, and I'm glad to hear we may have a future recruit in Poppy.

"PD Nala is back in operation and helping to keep the streets of Northamptonshire safe following her injury on July 1, and was very grateful to the girls for her handmade card. PD Walt was also especially grateful for his treats on the day!"

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "I'm pleased that Poppy, Gracie and their Mum enjoyed meeting with PD Walt and PC McGregor. It was so kind of them to be concerned about PD Nala who does a fantastic job helping to keep Northamptonshire safer. I hope I am around to see the girls become the police dog handlers of the future!"

To keep up to date Nala and all of the Dog Section's other dogs and handlers, you can follow the section on Twitter at @NorthantsDogs
