```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Figures released today show Northamptonshire Police remains incredibly proactive in enforcing Covid-19 regulations to help ensure infection rates in the county continue to fall.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northamptonshire Police keeps up pressure on those breaking Covid-19 rules
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/northamptonshire-police-keeps-up-pressure-on-those-breaking-covid-19-rules/
publish:
  date: 14:36 25/02/2021
title: Northamptonshire Police keeps up pressure on those breaking Covid-19 rules | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/northamptonshire-police-keeps-up-pressure-on-those-breaking-covid-19-rules/
```

Figures released today show Northamptonshire Police remains incredibly proactive in enforcing Covid-19 regulations to help ensure infection rates in the county continue to fall.

Between January 18 and February 14, officers issued 655 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) for Covid-19 breaches, meaning the Force has now issued a total of 1,954 tickets since the coronavirus pandemic began last March.

The release of the statistics by the National Police Chiefs' Council comes just a few days after the Government set out the stages of its plan to eventually lift Covid-19 restrictions, but until this happens Northamptonshire Police will continue to take enforcement action against the small numbers failing to comply with legislation.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, silver commander for the Force's response to Covid-19, said: "The Government may now have laid out its roadmap for a return to normal life, but right now we are still in lockdown and we will remain in lockdown for weeks yet. Restrictions will only be lifted very gradually, so people need to continue to abide by the rules.

"If you choose not to, you not only risk a fine from our officers, but you also risk pushing infection rates back up to a point that means restrictions cannot be eased.

"All the stages in the roadmap have conditions attached and everyone needs to understand that if the rules are broken or flexed now, they will only remain in place longer, which none of us wants.

"Our use of FPNs to drive home the importance of staying at home, wearing masks when at the shops or travelling, and following all other rules in place to control the virus, shows we will do everything in our power to support the efforts of healthcare colleagues who are still working so hard to treat Covid-19 patients and save lives."

The Force has been carrying out increased patrols throughout the current national lockdown, with officers working hard to keep communities safe by educating and encouraging people to follow the rules and, where necessary, making sure the law is followed.

Supt Foskett said: "Throughout the Covid-19 pandemic, our communities have repeatedly risen to the challenges thrown at them, with the vast majority sticking to the rules and making often painful but necessary sacrifices to ensure the vulnerable are protected and pressure on the NHS is eased.

"Life has been very different for everyone for almost a year, and hopefully the end of restrictions is now in sight. However we are not there yet, so please, continue to do the right thing and follow the rules, so we can all get back to the people, places and things we love as soon as we safely can."

To report a breach of Covid-19 legislation, visit our website here.

### During lockdown people are advised to:

 * Stay at home
 * Only leave home for food, medical reasons, exercise or work
 * Work from home, unless you're unable to do so
 * Do not travel unless necessary, stay local, including for exercise
 * Wear face coverings in shops and on public transport
 * Maintain good hygiene practices, wash/sanitise hands regularly

### Between January 18 and February 14, Northamptonshire Police issued 655 FPNs including:

 * 131 for failing to wear a face covering on public transport on in a relevant place
 * 515 under all tier regulations
 * 6 under international travel regulations
