```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CPeople become police officers not only to fight crime but to be the guardians for the most vulnerable people in society \u2013 when they have no one to fight for them, we are there, and we will always be there.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Drugs warrants, arrests, charges and protecting the most vulnerable in society \u2013 all in a fortnight\u2019s work for cops on the north"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/drugs-warrants-arrests-charges-and-protecting-the-most-vulnerable-in-society--all-in-a-fortnights-work-for-cops-on-the-north/
publish:
  date: 12:40 14/08/2020
title: "Drugs warrants, arrests, charges and protecting the most vulnerable in society \u2013 all in a fortnight\u2019s work for cops on the north | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/drugs-warrants-arrests-charges-and-protecting-the-most-vulnerable-in-society--all-in-a-fortnights-work-for-cops-on-the-north/
```

"People become police officers not only to fight crime but to be the guardians for the most vulnerable people in society - when they have no one to fight for them, we are there, and we will always be there."

That's the message from Superintendent Dennis Murray, the officer responsible for policing on the north of Northamptonshire as his team secure more good results including taking out six people from a single County Line in the same week as finding four missing children in one night.

The good work starts after an incident in London Road, Kettering, on July 19, in which a member of staff was injured after two men attempted to steal beer from a shop.

Following a swift investigation by detectives, PCSOs spotted their two suspects a week later while on a foot patrol and the pair were swiftly arrested.

Ricky Lee Long, 33, of London Road, Kettering, and Ian Owen Richardson, 32, of Highfield Crescent, Kettering, have both been charged with robbery in connection with the offence.

On August 4, 40-year-old Damion Horwat, of Raunds, was charged with GBH with Intent following an incident at an address in Raunds where a man in his 60s was beaten unconscious, and on August 5, a set of six warrants were conducted in Kettering leading to the arrest of six people believed to part of a single County Line.

Later that week, four children went missing in the same night with an intensive search for each of them thankfully ending in all four being found safe and well.

Three warrants conducted simultaneously at three address in Rushden the next day led to a large quantity of Class A drugs seized.

Two wanted men - a 42-year-old man wanted for an assault and a 36-year-old man wanted for a separate assault were also both tracked down on the same day and arrested.

In the same week, officers discovered a cannabis factory at an address in Russell Street, Kettering. 100 plants were removed and destroyed.

On August 11, an armed robbery in Spencer Street, Raunds, took place. Armed police officers and PD Walt were immediately deployed to the scene and began a search leading to the swift arrests of four men.

Two people were arrested the next day for Class A drugs offences after a warrant was executed at an address in Scarborough Walk, Corby.

Superintendent Murray, said: "The energy among our cops remains sky high at the moment with some really good results happening on a daily basis.

"I am particularly pleased with the six arrests we made in connection with a single County Line - not only because it takes drugs off our streets but because County Lines exploit the most vulnerable in society.

"The people at the top of County Lines will often use vulnerable children to run their drugs for them - these children will take all of the risks and put themselves in danger while those in charge sit in the comfort of their homes counting their money.

"There is no honour in this - it is pathetic, cowardly behaviour and we will bring these people to justice.

"People become police officers not only to fight crime but to be the guardians for the most vulnerable people in society - when they have no one to fight for them, we are there, and we will always be there.

"We will continue to take the fight to the people who exploit the vulnerable - these drug dealers used to think they were untouchable but I think they are getting the message now. We are watching them, constantly gathering intelligence on them and waiting patiently for the day they slip up.

"I hope every knock on their door makes them paranoid. One day it'll be us behind it with a big red key."
