```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: 'Northamptonshire Police is getting into the festive spirit and running a #12DogsOfChristmas campaign across social media to help spread a little cheer this month.'
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Christmas goes to the dogs at Northamptonshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/christmas-goes-to-the-dogs-at-northamptonshire-police/
publish:
  date: 12:43 14/12/2020
title: Christmas goes to the dogs at Northamptonshire Police | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/christmas-goes-to-the-dogs-at-northamptonshire-police/
```

Northamptonshire Police is getting into the festive spirit and running a #12DogsOfChristmas campaign across social media to help spread a little cheer this month.

During the 12 days leading up to Christmas Day (December 14-25), the Force will be sharing a photo a day of the police dogs, both qualified and in training, who are part of the Dog Section.

To get the virtual Christmas party started, Duke has landed pole position as the first Christmas canine.

Duke is an eight-month-old German Shepherd with a big personality, and an even bigger appetite. He loves his dinner and treats, but he's also partial to taking on any type of flooring when boredom strikes - carpet, concrete or car mats, Duke will give them all a go!

While Duke hasn't yet started his training, he is currently learning the ropes from Nala, the other police dog who works with his handler PC Sean Foster. Nala, at eight-and-a-half years, has plenty of experience to share.

Sergeant Chris Monday, from the Northamptonshire Police Dog Section, said: "I'm really pleased we have this opportunity to share some pictures and a little about our fantastic police dogs with the public.

"These are the dogs who are on duty seven days a week, 365 days a year, working alongside their handlers to protect our communities and utilise their unique crime-fighting abilities to root out criminality.

"The posts give a great insight into the personalities of the police dogs, and I'm sure our dogs will go some way in spreading a little festive cheer in the lead up to Christmas."

To find out who the next 11 dogs are in the festive limelight, keep an eye on the Northamptonshire Police Facebook and Twitter pages.

## **#12DogsOfChristmas**
