```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Another set of warrants carried out by police officers in Northamptonshire saw drugs, mobile phones and cash seized from a number of addresses.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More warrants yield results for Northamptonshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/more-warrants-yield-results-for-northamptonshire-police/
publish:
  date: 12:28 12/06/2020
title: More warrants yield results for Northamptonshire Police | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/more-warrants-yield-results-for-northamptonshire-police/
```

Another set of warrants carried out by police officers in Northamptonshire saw drugs, mobile phones and cash seized from a number of addresses.

Four warrants were executed yesterday morning (Thursday, June 11) on the Kingsway estate in Wellingborough with a 21-year-old man arrested on suspicion of being involved in the supply of drugs as well as a quantity of drugs, mobile phones and cash suspected to be linked to the supply of drugs, all seized.

PC Wes Owen, said: "As our communities across Northamptonshire will be aware, more and more work is being put into tackling the supply of drugs in this county to make it as clear as possible to drug dealers that this is a hostile environment for them.

"I'm pleased with the results of yesterday's warrants and would like to commend our colleagues from across the Force for the work that went into gathering the relevant intelligence to secure them.

"I hope the drug dealers operating in this county are taking notice of the work we're doing.

"It would be pertinent for them to do so as it may not have been their door yesterday and it may not be their door next week or even the week after, but they are on borrowed time in this county as eventually, it will be their door we are going through.

"This is a clear message to County Lines drug dealing gangs as well as local drug dealers - we will not tolerate your illegal activity and we are going to continue working to make this county as hostile as possible for you. Ask yourselves - will it be your door next?"

If you have any information about suspicious activity in your local area you believe may be linked to the supply of drugs, please call us on 101. If you would rather submit your information anonymously, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
