```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Assets seized from a crime gang responsible for more than 120 thefts in Northamptonshire have been recovered and sold on eBay for thousands of pounds.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Rolex watches and jewellery seized from jailed crime gang sold on Force\u2019s new eBay site for &#163;24,000"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/rolex-watches-and-jewellery-seized-from-jailed-crime-gang-sold-on-forces-new-ebay-site-for-24000/
publish:
  date: 14:58 06/11/2020
title: "Rolex watches and jewellery seized from jailed crime gang sold on Force\u2019s new eBay site for &#163;24,000 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/rolex-watches-and-jewellery-seized-from-jailed-crime-gang-sold-on-forces-new-ebay-site-for-24000/
```

Assets seized from a crime gang responsible for more than 120 thefts in Northamptonshire have been recovered and sold on eBay for thousands of pounds.

A major investigation was launched by Northamptonshire Police following wide-scale thefts - mainly of tools from motor vehicles - resulting in a raid on the Dunroamin caravan park, near Brackley, in February 2018 where four men and a youth were arrested.

James Devlin, aged 51, his sons Jimmy, aged 20, Noel, aged 29 and 25-year-old Hughie Devlin all received jail terms of between 12 and 18 months after pleading guilty to conspiracy to steal property.

A youth, who was 16 at the time and cannot be named for legal reasons, was given a youth rehabilitation order with two years supervision, six months on a tagged night time curfew and 120 hours of unpaid work.

Northampton Crown Court had been told the gang had amassed around £86,000 of stolen property, mainly targeting trade vans as well as goods from shops and petrol stations.

Now, a year after sentencing, the Force's Financial Investigation Unit, have forfeited property assets from the gang, which have been sold on the Force's own eBay account.

The sale included a diamond ring which netted £13,433, a Rolex watch that was sold for £7,800 a second Rolex which fetched £2,287. In addition, more than £9,000 in cash was also recovered.

Half of the £29,015 recovered will go to the Home Office with Northamptonshire Police retaining the other 50 per cent.

DS Giles Campling, from the Force's FIU, said: "This gang was behind more than 120 thefts across the county and were successfully convicted in 2019. Using a new strand of legislation under the Proceeds of Crime Act we have been able to seized assets, in this case jewellery, which were found during our investigation.

"The vast majority of crime we see is carried out through greed to make money and to lead an easy lifestyle. The POCA legislation is a powerful tool which can claw back money from criminals, even those serving jail terms. It sends a message to others that a life of crime does not pay."

This was one of the first successes for the Force's new eBay site. Previously Northamptonshire Police sold assets via another Force's site paying them a small commission.

Since 2013, Northamptonshire Police has recovered £6.2m in cash and property from convicted criminals.
