```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Officers from gangs intervention scheme CIRV (the Community Initiative to Reduce Violence) have attended the fifth, international Law Enforcement and Public Health conference in Edinburgh to talk about the success of the project in Northamptonshire.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: International recognition for gangs intervention scheme, CIRV
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/international-recognition-for-gangs-intervention-scheme-cirv/
publish:
  date: 10:48 08/11/2019
title: International recognition for gangs intervention scheme, CIRV | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/international-recognition-for-gangs-intervention-scheme-cirv/
```

Officers from gangs intervention scheme CIRV (the Community Initiative to Reduce Violence) have attended the fifth, international Law Enforcement and Public Health conference in Edinburgh to talk about the success of the project in Northamptonshire.

The team were invited by the Scottish Violence Reduction Unit (VRU) following the project's huge success in this county. The Scottish VRU is seen as an international centre of excellence in this area.

Inspector Daryl Lyon, who heads up the CIRV team, said: "We were invited to the conference in recognition of our outstanding performance against the national gang agenda, using a public health approach."

Dutch Police were in attendance at the conference and took great interest in the project, going on to visit Northamptonshire this week to find out more about it.

CIRV Northamptonshire is one of the leading intervention projects of its kind. Since the scheme launched 10 months ago, the team has taken over 700 referrals from partner agencies relating to people either on the periphery of gang involvement or already immersed in gang-related criminality

Next week Inspector Lyon and members of his team will travel to Malmo in Sweden to learn about their approach to tackling gang violence and share information about CIRV Northamptonshire.

In the photos: Inspector Lyon at the Law Enforcement and Public Health conference, which took place on 23 October, Callum (a mentor from the Scottish Violence Reduction Unit, and who is an ex-gang member and OCG member) and Sally Scales from CIRV Northants.

Dutch Police visit to CIRV in Northampton.

*CIRV in Northamptonshire is being funded by a Home Office grant from the Serious Youth Violence Early Intervention Fund. This was secured by the office of the Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, supported by Northamptonshire Police.*
