```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police have today named the man who was fatally wounded in an attack at his Northampton home.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who died following an assault in his home on Friday morning named
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/man-who-died-following-an-assault-in-his-home-on-friday-morning-named/
publish:
  date: 11:39 13/12/2020
title: Man who died following an assault in his home on Friday morning named | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/man-who-died-following-an-assault-in-his-home-on-friday-morning-named/
```

Police have today named the man who was fatally wounded in an attack at his Northampton home.

Christopher Allbury-Burridge, aged 33, died at the scene of the attack in Raeburn Road, Kingsley, shortly after 2.10am on Friday, December 10.

A post-mortem-investigation carried out by a Home Office pathologist in Leicester revealed that Christopher died from a single stab wound to the chest.

Today, Christopher's grieving mother Elaine paid tribute to her son. She said: "As a family, we are devastated by the loss of Christopher. It would have been his 34th birthday later this month. His career was spent serving and caring for others.

"In these difficult times that everyone is facing, we ask the general public to please help us bring his killer to justice. Chris was a kind, and caring person, who did not deserve to lose his life in this cruel and brutal way.

"Please look around you, and find it in your hearts to help to stop his killer from robbing another person of their life. Please assist us and Northamptonshire Police to find his killer."

More than 50 detectives from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) have been working tirelessly on the investigation, conducting house-to-house inquiries in the area, forensic searches and trawls of CCTV footage.

Detective Chief Inspector Joe Banfield, from the EMSOU team, said it remained a fast-paced investigation and urged anyone with information to come forward.

He said: "We are following up a number of lines of inquiry and have received excellent support from the public living in the area. I would urge anyone with information to contact Northamptonshire Police on 101 or to call Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111."

Northamptonshire Police has also set up a link https://mipp.police.uk/operation/33EM20D72-PO1 \- to the Major Incident Public Reporting site which gives people access to a form so they can send information directly to the major incident team based in Northampton.

Incident number: 20000653464
