```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Life-saving equipment for South Northamptonshire village
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "PCSO helps residents\u2019 secure additional funds for second defibrillator"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/pcso-helps-residents-secure-additional-funds-for-second-defibrillator/
publish:
  date: 14:59 10/05/2019
title: "PCSO helps residents\u2019 secure additional funds for second defibrillator | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/pcso-helps-residents-secure-additional-funds-for-second-defibrillator/
```

A Police Community support Officer (PCSO) has helped residents living in a South Northamptonshire village to secure a £500 donation as part of their fundraising efforts to purchase a second defibrillator for their growing community.

PCSO Carl Barton, who is the officer for Woodford Halse, contacted Taylor Wimpey, which is building a large housing development in the village, to see if the company would like to support the project.

The Daventry and South Northants Neighbourhood Policing officer was delighted with the response after Taylor Homes generously donated £500 to add to the fantastic £700 already raised by members of Hinton Methodist Church.

Carl said: "The fundraising efforts of Hinton Methodist Church members has been fantastic, however we were very grateful for the support and generosity of Taylor Wimpey.

"The company is responsible for building a large housing development, which has seen the village grow in population, and therefore it felt it was extremely important to invest in the communities in which it builds homes.

"Having defibrillators in the community is vital. They will save precious time in the case of any life-threatening heart issues until our colleagues from the East Midlands Ambulance Service arrive to take over.

"Heart issues can happen at any age and time. The first few minutes are therefore absolutely crucial in a medical emergency involving this organ, so you can never have enough defibrillators available within the community."

The new life-saving equipment has been placed outside Woodford Halse Fire Station in Byfield Road, situated on the outskirts of the village, for members of the public to use in a medical emergency.

The first defibrillator was fitted next to the Memorial Hall in the centre of the village in 2015, however with the development of new homes, there are now more than 5,000 residents living in Woodford Halse, so this second machine was needed.

There are plans to raise funds for a third defibrillator, which will be located at the other end of the village outside the Co-op store. Anyone who needs to access a community defibrillator should call 999 for assistance.
