```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Northamptonshire will be out in force over the next two weeks to crack down on people who use their mobile phones behind the wheel.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Nothing is so important it can\u2019t wait \u2013 put your phone away while driving"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/nothing-is-so-important-it-cant-wait--put-your-phone-away-while-driving/
publish:
  date: 11:38 16/04/2019
title: "Nothing is so important it can\u2019t wait \u2013 put your phone away while driving | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/nothing-is-so-important-it-cant-wait--put-your-phone-away-while-driving/
```

Police officers in Northamptonshire will be out in force over the next two weeks to crack down on people who use their mobile phones behind the wheel.

From Monday (April 15) until Sunday (April 28), Northamptonshire Police is taking part in the National Police Chiefs' Council-led enforcement campaign to improve road safety by targeting irresponsible and dangerous drivers who use phones behind the wheel.

By law, the only time you can use a hand-held mobile phone while driving is to call 999 in an emergency. Otherwise you must be safely parked with your vehicle's engine switched off - this does not include being stopped in traffic, or waiting at traffic lights.

_Don't risk lives - and a £200 fine and six penalty points - by using your phone behind the wheel._

PC Mo Allsopp-Clarke of the Safer Roads Team, said: "In six seconds at 60mph, a car travels just over 160 metres - that's over three Olympic-size swimming pools where the driver has absolutely no idea of what's happening in front of them. Can you imagine what can happen in that time?

"Looking at your mobile phone while driving not only puts you in danger but it also puts other road users in danger too. It also carries increased penalties - penalty points, fines and in some cases you can be taken to court.

"We take year-round action against drivers who break the law by using a hand-held phone to make calls, send messages, take photos or video, use social media or who otherwise interact with their devices while on the move, however for the next two weeks we are putting a particular focus on catching people committing this type of offence.

"Whether it's a text message, a call or a video - nothing is so important it can't wait. And ask yourself - are any of those things worth risking your life or the lives of other people?"

Read more about mobile phone offences and penalties here.
