```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "A five-day policing operation begins at Silverstone today (Thursday, August 22) as one of the country\u2019s largest sporting events, the 2019 British MotoGP, returns to Northamptonshire for the tenth consecutive year."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Policing operation for Silverstone\u2019s MotoGP underway"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/policing-operation-for-silverstones-motogp-underway/
publish:
  date: 08:37 22/08/2019
title: "Policing operation for Silverstone\u2019s MotoGP underway | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/policing-operation-for-silverstones-motogp-underway/
```

A five-day policing operation begins at Silverstone today (Thursday, August 22) as one of the country's largest sporting events, the 2019 British MotoGP, returns to Northamptonshire for the tenth consecutive year.

More than 155,000 people are expected to arrive at the circuit over the race weekend with the policing operation lasting until Monday, August 26, and focusing on ensuring race-goers have a safe and enjoyable time.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, the event commander for Northamptonshire Police, said: "The MotoGP weekend at Silverstone is a fantastic event and we've put a policing operation in place to ensure that everyone attending has a safe and enjoyable time.

"We had a very successful policing operation at Silverstone in July for the F1 and I'm hoping to have a similarly successful weekend this time around too.

"Spectators are already starting to arrive at the circuit and Northamptonshire Police has been planning the policing operation for months in order to make sure that those attending the race are kept safe and that anyone thinking of using the race weekend as a chance to commit crime is caught.

Specialist assets deployed by Superintendent Murray over the race weekend include intelligence officers, covert police officers, an ANPR unit and overtly armed officers and dogs, as well as police officers, PCSOs, police staff, specials and volunteers.

Superintendent Murray added: "This is the tenth time the MotoGP has come to Northamptonshire but I want to make it clear to anyone looking to use this event as a means to commit crime - the policing operation put in place is as stringent as ever and you will more than likely be caught.

"I recommend racegoers take a look at our crime prevention tips and do all they can to prepare for their visit. For security reasons, people entering the circuit will again be subject to extra searches of their bags and their person - security is paramount and event-goers are asked to be patient.

"The public can also help us keep the event safe by being vigilant for anyone or anything which looks out of place or suspicious and reporting it to us on 101 or in an emergency 999."

You can stay up-to-date by following @NorthantsPolice on Twitter or by 'liking' Northamptonshire Police on Facebook. There is also a section on the Northamptonshire Police website dedicated to Silverstone where you will be able to see up-to-date information and advice. For more information, visit https://www.northants.police.uk/silverstone

To report online terrorist and violent extremist material online got to www.gov.uk/ACT. Remain alert at home, work and when out and about, so we all play our part in defeating terrorism and keeping everyone safe.
