```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Brand new, eager and full of enthusiasm, police recruits spoke of their motivations and first steps in becoming a police officer, as Northamptonshire Police continues its drive efforts to increase police numbers.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New recruits reveal pride in first steps of becoming a police officer
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-recruits-reveal-pride-in-first-steps-of-becoming-a-police-officer/
publish:
  date: 16:34 05/09/2019
title: New recruits reveal pride in first steps of becoming a police officer | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-recruits-reveal-pride-in-first-steps-of-becoming-a-police-officer/
```

Brand new, eager and full of enthusiasm, police recruits spoke of their motivations and first steps in becoming a police officer, as Northamptonshire Police continues its drive to increase police numbers.

One of the young recruits, Abigail Washington, who is in her second week of training, said: "It's about working with the community and making a change, and it's not just about the people committing the crime but the vulnerable people as well.

"I've been in the Royal Navy for nearly seven years and travelled over to the Caribbean in 2017 when hurricane Omar hit. It really inspired me to want to make a difference.

"Even after being in the military I was still nervous about joining the police, but the trainers were really nice and as soon as I got here, they explained that we are all the same rank and helped to reassure me."

* * *

* * *

As part of the recruitment drive, people interested are being encouraged to go online and find out more or fill out an application. This can be easily done on www.northants.police.uk/policeofficer

One of the most direct entry routes closes on 15 September, 2019, for the 2020 intake, however potential applicants can still take a number of other routes to become a police officer.

Another recruit, who despite failing to qualify on two previous occasions, persisted and was successful on his third attempt, described the feeling when he finally took the oath of a police constable.

PC Phillip Hall, recalled: "It was one of the proudest moments of my life. When the Chief came in and gave his speech, it was really empowering."

Phillip, who first applied at age 18 and later at 31, following a 12 year career in security, said of his three attempts at becoming a police officer and eventually succeeding at age 32: "I was resilient. Perseverance is a good sign of a good officer, so I would say go for it."

* * *

New recruits speak about their experiences

* * *

Chief Superintendent Chris Hillery, who will soon take over the Local Response Command, meaning all new recruits will go through his leadership, spoke of the importance of the recruitment drive, "The public will notice a significant difference in terms of the quality of service and the improved ability to manage demand and carry out investigations."

Speaking of the challenges new officers will face, he said: "You will meet people at their lowest point, and to be able to communicate with people at that time is really challenging. Communication is the key thing. That ability to communicate across different levels in different circumstances. "

Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold said: "This is an exciting time to be joining Northamptonshire Police. We are preparing to welcome hundreds of new recruits to boost the number of police officers to the highest it has ever been. The Force itself is changing - in the way it is structured and in the clear focus that the Chief Constable expects his officers to have on fighting crime and protecting the public.

"British police are rightly valued for their high standards of training which I think is the best in the world. Here in Northamptonshire our police trainers are very influential, their example is imprinted on the recruits they work with and in many ways, they shape the Force for a generation, so it is crucial that we get it right.

"I am supporting the Chief Constable to put measures in place to help us recruit the numbers of people that we need as a result of our own extra investment and now the boost promised to all Forces by the Government. This really is an amazing opportunity for people to consider a career in policing, where they can make a positive change and help create a Force that truly reflects the community it serves."

The Home Office today, Thursday, September 5, launched a national campaign to recruit 20,000 new police officers - urging people to join the police and 'Be a force for all'.
