```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: As the latest cohort of officers were sworn in to serve Queen and country, Northamptonshire Police continued to receive hundreds of applications from people wanting to become police officers.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hundreds apply to become Northamptonshire Police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/hundreds-apply-to-become-northamptonshire-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 16:36 08/07/2020
title: Hundreds apply to become Northamptonshire Police officers | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/hundreds-apply-to-become-northamptonshire-police-officers/
```

As the latest cohort of officers were sworn in to serve Queen and country, Northamptonshire Police continued to receive hundreds of applications from people wanting to become police officers.

Since 27 April, 2020, when the first Accelerated Detective Pathway opened and then in June when regular police officer recruitment took place, the force received 629 applications.

This was a significant increase from previous years and an indication of the desire from communities to want to make a real difference.

Chief Constable Nick Adderley, said: "Last month we had 66 officers parade together for uniform inspection before hitting the beat. We also had 29 officers sworn in during their attestation ceremony.

"In April, for the first time in the Force, we introduced the Accelerated Detective Pathway, meaning people could apply to join a tailored two-year detective programme. We were overwhelmed by the interest, receiving 269 applications in just five weeks.

"We then opened the vacancy for regular police officer recruitment and received 360 applications in just over two months, with almost 22 per cent of those applications being from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic candidates.

"This means that since 27 April 2020, Northamptonshire Police has received 629 applications from people wanting to join our ranks.

"In what is an incredibly competitive market, literally every force in the country is fighting for the same pool of officers, this figure is testament to the desirability of our organisation for people to join and want to help fight crime."

The force has launched a major recruitment campaign - #ForceForGood - and is actively encouraging people from all backgrounds, regardless of age, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation, to consider a career in the police.

The regular police officer recruitment process has now closed. However, those with a degree can still apply through the Degree Holder Entry Route, more information and the application form can be found at www.northants.police.uk/policeofficer
