```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CProactive policing is what people want to see and it\u2019s what gets results \u2013 we have no plans to slow down or ease up.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Relentless \u2013 cops on the north continue to take the fight to criminals"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/relentless--cops-on-the-north-continue-to-take-the-fight-to-criminals/
publish:
  date: 08:55 19/06/2020
title: "Relentless \u2013 cops on the north continue to take the fight to criminals | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/relentless--cops-on-the-north-continue-to-take-the-fight-to-criminals/
```

"Proactive policing is what people want to see and it's what gets results - we have no plans to slow down or ease up."

This is the message from Superintendent Dennis Murray, the police officer in charge of North Northants, as more and more drugs are seized and more and more criminals are taken off the streets.

On Friday, June 12, a cannabis factory was discovered inside a five-bedroom house in Park Road, Rushden. 184 plants were seized and four men, aged 22, 27, 29 and 32, were all arrested on suspicion of producing cannabis in connection with the find.

On the same day, a 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with Intent to Supply after 18 wraps of heroin and 62 wraps of cocaine were found at an address in Mill Road, Wellingborough.

On Saturday, June 13, a warrant was executed in Brook Street, Raunds, where a large quantity of Class A drugs were seized. Drug paraphernalia including scales and deal bags were also removed from the address alongside an AK47. Two men, aged 22 and 25, were arrested in connection with the incident.

And it's not just drugs that police officers are interested in putting a stop to. Gavin Appleyard, 41, of Elm Road, Kettering, was this week charged with an attempted burglary and two counts of vehicle interference, all relating to incidents that happened in Barton Seagrave in January 2020.

Criminal damage is also not off the menu as Andru-Jay Burgess, 20, appeared before Northampton magistrates last week and was handed a conditional discharge and a fine for the offence of criminal damage.

Burgess was arrested after officers sought help from the public in the form of a media appeal to locate him. Burgess, of Finland Way, was charged with causing damage to an Audi A3 and a bicycle on the Kingswood estate in May 2020.

On Wednesday evening, another large cannabis factory was found at an address in Great Oakley with over 600 plants seized.

Finally, after two masked men were seen breaking into an industrial unit in Henson Way, Kettering, last night (Thursday, June 18), officers were sent to the scene in an attempt to catch them. When they arrived, the men ran off and exited the area in their black BMW 3 Series.

The Force's Road Crime Team were deployed and a pursuit began down the A14 and onto the A508, with the BMW travelling in excess of 100mph in 30mph zones. Finally, on Lamport Road, officers deployed the stinger which forced it to stop. Two men, aged 37 and 40 were arrested in connection with the incident

Superintendent Murray, said: "We are absolutely hammering the criminals at the moment and intend to carry on doing so.

"Proactive policing is what people want to see and it's what gets results - we have no plans to slow down or ease up.

"I hope the public continue to be reassured by the good results we keep getting and I want them to know that we remain committed to making Northamptonshire an even safer and nicer place to live.

"Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our special constabulary who demonstrate their dedication to policing this county time and time again - they are absolutely crucial in allowing us to be more and more proactive."

Northamptonshire Police relies on community intelligence to build a picture of what crime is happening and where it is happening. If you have any information about suspicious activity in your area, please call us on 101 or report it online at www.northants.police.uk/ro.
