```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The 12 days of Christmas continues for the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team who focussed their attention on road safety on the fourth day of activity.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the fourth day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-fourth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 10:51 16/12/2020
title: "On the fourth day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-fourth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
```

The 12 days of Christmas continues for the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team who focused their attention on road safety on the fourth day of activity.

Reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county's roads is a policing priority for the Force, and yesterday (Tuesday, December 15) the team held speed checks across Northampton.

As part of operation, officers and Police Community Support Officers carried out roadside speed checks at seven locations in Northampton, observing more than 230 vehicles.

Although the majority of the motorists were observed driving at the required limit, four were caught exceeding the speed limit - including one motorist driving at 41mph in a 30mph zone - and were reported for summons.

In addition to the speeding offences, seven drivers were stopped by the team and issued with words of advice about the manner of their driving. While routine checks were carried out on four vehicles, no offences were found.

The results from yesterday's checks were:

• Park Avenue North - 60 vehicles checked, no offences
• Kettering Road (Spinney Hill) - 80 vehicles checked, two vehicles stopped and words of advice issued
• Abington Park Crescent - 30 vehicles checked. Two vehicles stopped, no offences
• Rectory Farm Road - 60 vehicles checked. Two cars stopped, no offences
• Hunsbarrow Road - four drivers reported for summons to court for speeding, five drivers issued with words of advice
• Hilldrop Road - no offences
• Rowtree Road - no offences

PC Spencer Lyman of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "As a Force, one of our key policing priorities is to reduce the number of people who are killed or seriously injured on our roads.

"We see first-hand the impact of road collisions have not only on those involved, their family and friends, but the wider community, so it is important we hold road safety checks.

"Our operation was aimed at targeting the fatal four driving offences - speeding, drink-driving, not wearing a seatbelt and using a mobile phone at the wheel - which are the main causation factor in collision on our roads.

"However, road safety is the responsibility of everyone, and although the majority of people use our roads safely, there is a minority who still choose to put their own lives and that of others at risk by using our roads irresponsibly and illegally.

"We have the support of our local communities to carry out operations like this, and we intend to continue to hold speed checks in our neighbourhoods to help improve road safety in the town."
