```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers from the Northamptonshire Police Burglary Team have reunited a laptop with its grateful owner as part of Operation Crooked.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Laptop returned to grateful burglary victim
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/laptop-returned-to-grateful-burglary-victim/
publish:
  date: 14:58 08/05/2019
title: Laptop returned to grateful burglary victim | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/laptop-returned-to-grateful-burglary-victim/
```

Police officers from the Northamptonshire Police Burglary Team have reunited a laptop with its grateful owner as part of Operation Crooked.

Brian Stevens was burgled on Monday, March 4, when the offender broke into his property in the early hours of the morning and stole not only a laptop and a tablet but bizarrely, some crisps and chocolate too.

Investigators traced the property to an address in Kingsland Gardens, Northampton, where they executed a warrant and recovered the laptop. The laptop was then presented back to Mr Stevens who was very grateful for its safe return.

PC Mark Edkins from the Burglary Team, said: "One of the main reasons why PC Perkins and I joined the police was to crack down on burglars and return stolen property to their rightful owners.

"After a combined 28 years between us there is still nothing more enjoyable than doing this and it was fantastic to return this laptop back to Mr Stevens who was very grateful to us both for its safe return.

"Operation Crooked aims to put burglars on the back foot and we are completely clear on the fact that we are absolutely determined to catch and bring burglars to justice.

"Everyone has the right to feel safe in their home and this team will continue to work hard for the people of Northamptonshire to ensure this is the case."

A 47-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods in relation to this incident and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Northamptonshire Police is tackling burglary and putting burglars behind bars as part of Operation Crooked. If you have any information about any burglary in Northamptonshire, call police on 101. Alternatively you can give information anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 08000 555111.

If you have been a victim of a burglary in Northamptonshire, you can hesitate to contact Voice - a free, confidential victim support service for anyone affected by crime. Their services are available to anyone in Northamptonshire, whether a crime has been reported to police or not and regardless of when or where it happened. Visit www.voicenorthants.org or call 0300 303 1965.
