```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Members of the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team set out their stall at the town\u2019s M&amp;S Foodhall last Thursday (February 13), to offer crime prevention advice and hand out specialist purse strings to shoppers."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Neighbourhood Team help to keep shoppers\u2019 purse safe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/neighbourhood-team-help-to-keep-shoppers-purse-safe/
publish:
  date: 13:13 21/02/2020
title: "Neighbourhood Team help to keep shoppers\u2019 purse safe | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/neighbourhood-team-help-to-keep-shoppers-purse-safe/
```

Members of the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team set out their stall at the town's M&S Foodhall last Thursday (February 13), to offer crime prevention advice and hand out specialist purse strings to shoppers.

PC Mark Walker and PC Brad Wilson fitted nearly 40 purse strings in the space of an hour at the Corby Retail Park store on Phoenix Parkway, to help customers to better protect themselves from would-be thieves.

The strings are easy to attach the purse to the inside of bag and have been designed to help reduce the chance of members of the public, particularly the elderly, from being the victim of a purse dipping offence.

PC Walker said: "Purse dipping is a horrible crime which can have an enormous physical and emotional impact on the victim, who are very often the elderly and some of our most vulnerable members of the community.

"Although the concept of the purse strings is very simple, they are extremely popular with members of the public. When we fit them, people comment on what a great idea they are and will often take more away for their relatives."

This is one of the latest community safety initiatives across the county to receive support from the Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, who awarded this project £1000.

The supporting Communities Fund was set up by the PFCC in October 2018, to help frontline police officers and staff to carry out small projects which benefit the public and make Northamptonshire safer.

PFCC Stephen Mold said: "I am so pleased to be able to support initiatives such as this, which give people the chance to meet and chat with their local officers at the same time as picking up some useful crime prevention advice.

"Getting out into the heart of the community is so important and I am glad I was able to help PC Walker and PC Wilson to run this scheme."

PC Walker will be holding more community events for members of the public to attend to pick up a purse string as well as pick up information on crime prevention. Dates will be confirmed nearer the time.
