```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The innovative new project launched four weeks ago in Kettering to tackle the harm caused by drug addiction in the town is already reaping rewards.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'New Kettering-based pilot project #Citadel already seeing benefits'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/new-kettering-based-pilot-project-citadel-already-seeing-benefits/
publish:
  date: 14:19 07/08/2020
title: 'New Kettering-based pilot project #Citadel already seeing benefits | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/new-kettering-based-pilot-project-citadel-already-seeing-benefits/
```

The innovative new project launched four weeks ago in Kettering to tackle the harm caused by drug addiction in the town is already reaping rewards.

Citadel is a pilot scheme created to help and support the town's most vulnerable people with anticipated, wide-ranging benefits for the whole community.

In the past four weeks, 17 people have been offered support from the appropriate services to help break their cycle of drug or alcohol addiction. Those who do not wish to engage will, if appropriate, be arrested and dealt with through the criminal justice system.

So far, 14 misuse of drugs act warrants have been carried out, high-visibility police patrols have been ramped up in key areas and officers and PCSOs have been engaging with communities in those parts of the town.

Chief Inspector Scott Little from the local policing team, who is leading the operational arm of the project, said: "Citadel is a partnership scheme which means we have access to the right people who can offer tailored help and support to the town's most vulnerable people. Enforcement opportunities are of course available for those who don't want to accept help but that doesn't mean that help won't be available further down the line when they are ready to accept it.

"This project is based on a holistic, whole-system approach because the deep-seated problems associated with drug and alcohol addiction are complex. There are often associated mental health issues and help and support must be bespoke to the individual concerned.

"The work the project undertakes will continue to be intelligence-led to help solve vulnerabilities which are born out of drug addiction, along with linked problems like crime, anti-social behaviour and harm to the environment.

"I'm really pleased with how well this project has got off the ground and I am positive that by working together to get to the root-causes of vulnerabilities and tackling those, the project will have far-reaching benefits.

"Once again we are appealing to the people of Kettering to join us in ensuring the success of the project by sharing information about anybody they know with drugs-related vulnerabilities, by calling us on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111."

_More information_

The partners involved in the project include Police, the Northamptonshire Health and Wellbeing Board, The North Northamptonshire Community Safety Partnership and the Child and Adult Safeguarding Partnerships, made up of councils and NHS organisations, who will all have their part to play.

All the partners will work together to share information and offer targeted support meaning that in the longer term, there will be reduced pressure and demand on social services, the NHS and public health. Further, likely benefits include reduced crime, a decrease in anti-social behaviour and street
