```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Four young drivers in Northamptonshire have become the latest graduates of a scheme working to improve the safety of the county\u2019s roads, taking the number of drivers who have now passed the Northampton Advanced Motorists advanced driving course to more than 1,000."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four young drivers latest graduates of safety course
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/four-young-drivers-latest-graduates-of-safety-course/
publish:
  date: 15:12 22/01/2020
title: Four young drivers latest graduates of safety course | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/four-young-drivers-latest-graduates-of-safety-course/
```

Four young drivers in Northamptonshire have become the latest graduates of a scheme working to improve the safety of the county's roads, taking the number of drivers who have now passed the Northampton Advanced Motorists advanced driving course to more than 1,000.

The IAM RoadSmart Advanced Driving Course gives drivers of all ages and levels of experience the opportunity to enhance their skills, enjoy their driving more and become a safer driver.

The four young drivers have benefitted from a new scheme which is offering the opportunity for 30 young people - under 26 years old - to take the Advanced Driving Course at a reduced price of £49\. This has been made possible thanks to a grant from Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold.

Sixteen young drivers are already signed up - including the four who have recently been successful - and 14 places are still available.

The Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance ***** , the county-wide partnership which co-ordinates road safety initiatives, has made young drivers a priority since they are more likely to be involved in a collision than other road users.

The Alliance has extended the popular Carkraft courses which are run each year, to create capacity to help more young drivers develop good driving habits, some before they are old enough to take to the roads by themselves.

It is also developing educational tools including a video which can be rolled out to teach young drivers about the dangers of distractions such as loud music, mobile phones and excess speed.

Northampton Advanced Motorists work with young drivers plays an important role in that wider programme. The Advanced Driving Course takes drivers through a variety of road types and conditions and coaches them in skills and techniques which will improve their confidence and enhance their safe driving style.

Chief Superintendent Mick Stamper, Chairman of the Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance, said: "We are trying to make all road users safer, and statistics show young drivers aged 17 to 25 have a greater risk of coming to harm on the roads. We are working hard to ensure young drivers are safe, know the dangers of anti-social driving and are ultimately, involved in fewer collisions."

The four young drivers who have successfully completed the Advanced Driving Course are: George McGuinness (18), Jack Barton (18), Adam Browett (18) and Christian Rodley (19). Jack became the 1,000 test pass for Northampton Advanced Motorists.

Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "We know there is work to do to help young drivers develop good skills and safe driving habits which will set them up for a lifetime.

"I was delighted to be able to support this great scheme run by Northampton Advanced Motorists, whose volunteers are playing such a key role in promoting road safety and educating drivers in Northamptonshire."

John Norrie, Northampton Advanced Motorists Chairman explained: "We have always found young drivers a difficult group to reach. This scheme is an exciting opportunity and has significantly increased the number of newly qualified drivers we are working with."

Young drivers interested in signing up for the course can find out more or book a free taster drive using www.northampton-iam.org.uk, or contacting Ian Phillips at iantphillips@yahoo.co.uk

Ends

***** The Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance is a partnership between The Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Northamptonshire Police, Northamptonshire Fire & Rescue Service, and Northamptonshire Highways representing Northamptonshire County Council.
