```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: An innovative film produced to raise awareness of online grooming has won a silver award at the Cannes Corporate Media &amp; TV Awards.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Breck&#39;s Last Game wins silver at Cannes
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/brecks-last-game-wins-silver-at-cannes/
publish:
  date: 14:43 27/09/2019
title: Breck&#39;s Last Game wins silver at Cannes | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/brecks-last-game-wins-silver-at-cannes/
```

An innovative film produced to raise awareness of online grooming has won a silver award at the Cannes Corporate Media & TV Awards.

Breck's Last Game - a collaboration between Northamptonshire Police, Leicestershire Police, Surrey Police and Essex Police - was handed the prize last night (Thursday 26 September).

The film, which has received more than 2.3m views since it launched online, has also been shortlisted in the promotional content category at the Royal Television Society awards, which are taking place in November.

It is the third award the film has been nominated for, having also been shortlisted in multiple categories at the London Film Awards on 21 November.

Breck's Last Game, which was made by Loughborough-based Affixxius Films, is just over four minutes long and tells the story of 14-year-old Breck Bednar - an online gamer who was murdered by Lewis Daynes in 2014.

Daynes lured Breck to his flat in Essex. In 2015 he was sentenced to a minimum of 25 years in prison for murder.

Northamptonshire Police's Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov, said: "I'm delighted that Breck's Last Game has been given a silver award at the Cannes Corporate Media & TV Awards.

"It is, without doubt, an innovative, hard-hitting film that has been backed by four forces to help raise awareness of online grooming and keep children safe from harm.

"I would like to thank everyone who was involved in the production of the film for their hard work.

"The interest in Breck's Last Game since its launch - in Northamptonshire and across the world - has been incredible and is a reminder that the exploitation of young people will simply not be tolerated. Offenders will be brought to justice."
