```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Updated statement from Superintendent Adam Ward, Central Operations team, Northamptonshire Police regarding a proposed \u2018horse fair\u2019 event being planned for the August bank holiday weekend in the Wellingborough area."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police and partner response to proposed \u2018horse fair\u2019 in the Wellingborough area"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/police-and-partners-response-to-proposed-horse-fair-in-the-wellingborough-area/
publish:
  date: 16:30 21/08/2020
title: "Police and partner response to proposed \u2018horse fair\u2019 in the Wellingborough area | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/police-and-partners-response-to-proposed-horse-fair-in-the-wellingborough-area/
```

Updated News Post

### **Friday, 21 August - update to previous statement by Superintendent Adam Ward** **
**

"The plans for the proposed horse fair event are being assessed by the relevant authorities to determine whether the planned activities would be compliant with current Covid-19 regulations.

"The police have no powers to ban any such event under Covid legislation and we are working with other agencies who have a wider role and greater powers in relation to the legislation.

"Together with these agencies, we are continuing to work with the organiser of the horse fair to ensure they plan and run the event safely, lawfully and in a way which minimises the spread of the virus.

"A whole range of other public events, including music events and food and beer fairs have and continue to take place across the county, where organisers work with the authorities to ensure the public are kept safe and the events comply with Covid legislation and guidance.

"The horse fair is one such event. We remain very concerned that public events present a risk of the infection spreading and, if necessary, the police and our partner agencies will work together to enforce Covid laws and regulations where they are not complied with."

### **Thursday, 20 August - Statement from Superintendent Adam Ward, Central Operations team, Northamptonshire Police:**

"Northamptonshire Police is aware of a proposed 'horse fair' event being planned for the August bank holiday weekend in the Wellingborough area.

"Together with the Borough Council of Wellingborough and local public health colleagues, we are working with the organisers in assessing the plans for the event and to ensure that appropriate measures are in place to comply with Covid-19 related laws and to prevent the spread of the virus.

"We are very concerned about the current Covid-19 situation within the county and that any large gathering may increase the risk of the Covid infection spreading. We take this very seriously and must consider the safety of all parties while operating within the legislation and powers available to us. It is vital that any public event is safe and compliant with Covid regulations and the organisers are working with us and our partners in this regard.

"We are aware of community concerns about the potential for such an event to be held in the area at the current time. Rural and Neighbourhood officers are patrolling the local community and visiting businesses and farms to discuss their concerns and provide advice and information. Local people can also speak to officers when they see them on patrol or they can contact us on 101, quoting Operation Bailey.

"We are also aware that a number of unauthorised traveller encampments have recently set up in the Wellingborough area. Working with the local authority, we have already issued a number of enforcement notices and continue to proactively engage with encampments to offer advice and serve enforcement notices where necessary."
