```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Officers and staff at Northamptonshire Police are set to return in new episodes of 999 What\u2019s Your Emergency?"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the front line with Northamptonshire Police as new series of 999 What\u2019s Your Emergency? returns"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/on-the-front-line-with-northamptonshire-police-as-new-series-of-999-whats-your-emergency-returns/
publish:
  date: 16:18 05/10/2020
title: "On the front line with Northamptonshire Police as new series of 999 What\u2019s Your Emergency? returns | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/on-the-front-line-with-northamptonshire-police-as-new-series-of-999-whats-your-emergency-returns/
```

****

**On the front line with Northamptonshire Police as new series of 999 What 's Your Emergency? returns**

Officers and staff at Northamptonshire Police are set to return in new episodes of 999 What's Your Emergency?

The first of the new episodes, which focuses on the night-time economy, will broadcast this evening (Monday, October 5) at 9pm on Channel 4.

Officers will be seen dealing with a distressed homeless man who has been threatened with a knife, a violent attack on students, and officers who need to call for back-up after been attached by a man with a pool cue who refuses to leave a pub.

The cameras will follow officers as they deal with reports for incidents in the County's high streets relating to crime, violence and anti-social behaviour.

Filming for the documentary with the force concluded in early 2019, with early episodes hitting the screens last summer. The documentary showcases how officers and staff deal with crime among other things, against a backdrop of austerity.

The series returns this month with new episodes - which for legal reasons couldn't be broadcast last year - and a behind the scenes look at how the force tackles crime.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchley, said: "When people see our officers out and about, they get one view of them. What's unique about this documentary is that it gives an un-filtered view to the public of what our officers deal with. How they put themselves in harm's way to keep the County safe.

"When previous episodes broadcast last year, we received an amazing response from the public. People were rightly stunned and upset by what our officers and staff deal with and how they are often treated when dealing with incidents.

"It was also heartening to see the positive responses they get from the public when they are really able to help them. Now that we are recruiting for police officers, we hope that people will continue to watch the new episodes in this documentary and get a first-hand insight into their local police force."
