```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "A series of eight videos about the real people behind the police uniform \u2013 Heroes of Northamptonshire - has been a huge success online."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Huge online hit for Heroes of Northamptonshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/huge-online-hit-for-heroes-of-northamptonshire/
publish:
  date: 12:02 23/01/2020
title: Huge online hit for Heroes of Northamptonshire | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/huge-online-hit-for-heroes-of-northamptonshire/
```

A series of eight videos about the real people behind the police uniform - Heroes of Northamptonshire - has been a huge success online.

The videos, which form part of the force's #FitTheBill recruitment campaign, feature officers talking honestly and candidly about their personal experiences and careers and were released online from the start of November 2019.

Richard Edmondson, Head of Corporate Communications, said: "Sometimes it's easy for people to forget there are real people behind the uniform. We decided to share online a variety of our officers talking about their own experiences and feelings about their roles in Northamptonshire Police.

"Being a police officer is not necessarily the job or career that people perceive it to be and we wanted to raise awareness of the wide variety of roles and opportunities there are within policing. As can be seen on the videos, our Heroes of Northamptonshire are from different backgrounds, of different ages, and in different roles, ranks and stages in their careers.

"They all have a different story to tell and have experienced different challenges in both their personal lives and their careers, but they all have things in common - particularly that they hold an incredibly strong sense of belief and passion in what they are doing, and they gain great job satisfaction."

The Heroes of Northamptonshire: Beth Curlett, Gan Thayanithy, Hannah Billing, Lee McBride, Hannah Lambert, Sam Dobbs, Sarah Johnson and Kritesh Patel, cover a broad spectrum of ranks and experience including Police Constables, Police Sergeants, Detective Inspector, Detective Chief Inspector and Superintendent.

They are just eight of many, who work in a wide variety of roles and teams including Response, Neighbourhood, Counter Terrorism, Operational Command and Serious and Organised Crime.

Richard Edmondson, added: "The videos were posted on our website, and across social media. We're really pleased to report that they've had great success with tens of thousands of views and positive comments.

"In December, the force saw one of the highest number of police officer applications with 198 people applying to be a police officer with Northamptonshire Police. This shows that people are really beginning to see policing as a potential career and us as an employer of choice."

To watch the videos and find out more about the #FitTheBill campaign http://ow.ly/CaIH50y2MBS

To find our more or to apply to be a police officer visit www.northants.police.uk/policeofficer

Heroes of Northamptonshire
