```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers are appealing for two dog walkers to contact them after a man and his Belgian Shepherd were injured in Upton Country Park, Northampton.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to trace dog owner after incident in Northampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/appeals/2021/february-21/appeal-to-trace-dog-owner-after-incident-in-northampton/
publish:
  date: 15:36 02/02/2021
title: Appeal to trace dog owner after incident in Northampton | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/appeals/2021/february-21/appeal-to-trace-dog-owner-after-incident-in-northampton/
```

Police officers are appealing for two dog walkers to contact them after a man and his Belgian Shepherd were injured in Upton Country Park, Northampton.

Between 10am and 10.15am on Saturday, January 30, the man and his dog were walking on the footpath from the direction of the Elgar Centre, near to the wooden bridge, when they were approached by two dogs off their leads.

One of the dogs' owners asked if he was happy for them to be off their lead, when the dogs started fighting. After the incident, the man was left with abrasions to his knee and his pet sustained an injury, which required treatment from a vet.

The dog walker is described as a white man in his mid-50s. He was about 5ft 9, of a stocky build, with a light brown goatee beard. He was wearing dark clothing and a dark beanie hat and carrying camera equipment and a tri-pod.

He was with a white woman in her mid-50s. She was also about 5ft 9, with dark coloured shoulder length hair. She was wearing dark clothing and wearing a light blue bobble hat.

They were with two dogs. One is described as being short and stocky, similar to a Bull Dog, and had dark fur and was wearing a harness. The second was a mongrel, dark coloured with bits of white.

Officers investigating the incident are appealing for the dog walkers or anyone who may recognise the description of the couple of dogs, to get in touch.

Anyone with information is asked to call Northamptonshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 21000064439. Or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
