```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Northamptonshire County Schools Challenge has come up with an ingenious way for young people to take part in our county\u2019s joint effort to keep everyone safe with the Virtual Community Safety Challenge COVID-19."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Calling all secondary schoolteachers \u2013 enter your students to take part in the Virtual Community Safety Challenge COVID-19!"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/calling-all-secondary-schoolteachers--enter-your-students-to-take-part-in-the-virtual-community-safety-challenge-covid-19/
publish:
  date: 16:40 28/04/2020
title: "Calling all secondary schoolteachers \u2013 enter your students to take part in the Virtual Community Safety Challenge COVID-19! | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/calling-all-secondary-schoolteachers--enter-your-students-to-take-part-in-the-virtual-community-safety-challenge-covid-19/
```

Northamptonshire County Schools Challenge has come up with an ingenious way for young people to take part in our county's joint effort to keep everyone safe with the Virtual Community Safety Challenge COVID-19.

The scheduled County Schools Challenge 2020 has been postponed due to current restrictions but organisers decided to set a virtual challenge in the meantime and secondary school teachers are being urged to get in touch to enable their students to take part in the competition.

With everyone, #NorthantsTogether, from the emergency services and councils to thousands of volunteers and the public all pulling together during the crisis, this challenge gives young people the chance to get involved in helping keep everyone safe and ensure that those who need support can get it.

It's a creative challenge - young people are being asked to come up with ideas about how to communicate and make people think about important COVID-19 messages. Students can work by themselves or as a virtual team and, for example, could write a short story, a poem, produce a short film, a song, design a poster, create an online campaign - whatever they feel will get people thinking and paying attention.

This can be about one or more of the following: COVID-19: What is it? What restrictions are in place and how can people keep themselves, and others, safe? How can young people stay safe online during this time? How can young people safely stay connected to friends, family, and those being cared for? What does social distancing mean and why is it important? How can someone get help if they need it?

Laura Jones, Prevention Manager at Northamptonshire Police, said: "The County Schools Challenge has been running for a number of years and we wanted to find a way we could work with schools during this time. It's always fantastic to see the skills and talents of the county's young people, and as organisations we will work to showcase the ideas which come through. We know that, like us all, young people will be missing friends, family and the different things they would ordinarily be doing.

"We know that this isn't always easy and so thank you for doing your bit in helping keep yourselves and others safe! We are pleased to be able listen and hear from students through this challenge and we hope you have some fun at the same time."

Lucy Wightman, Director of Public Health, Northamptonshire, said: "We have already seen how creative our young people can be with the amazing rainbow posters and messages displayed across windows throughout the county. The County Schools Challenge allows students to choose whatever platform they wish to convey their message, therefore meeting a variety of different styles of expression. Young people often come up with powerful and creative materials and I am excited to see the range of ideas submitted, and hope that we can use these in our campaign materials as we move through the Coronavirus period."

The closing date for entries is Thursday, May 7 and the entries will be judged during the week starting May 11 by 'dragons' _Northamptonshire_ Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold; Northamptonshire Police Chief Constable Nick Adderley; Darren Dovey, Chief Fire Officer, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service and a representative from Public Health. The winning entries will then be announced.

The Virtual Community Challenge - COVID-19 is open to any secondary school in Northamptonshire and teachers can find out more about the competition and how to enter their pupils by emailing NCSC@northants.pnn.police.uk
