```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for people to remain vigilant to any unlicensed music events \u2013 also known as raves \u2013 that may be happening in Northamptonshire over the weekend."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal for information about potential unlicensed music events this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/police-appeal-for-information-about-potential-unlicensed-music-events-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 19:46 26/06/2020
title: Police appeal for information about potential unlicensed music events this weekend | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/police-appeal-for-information-about-potential-unlicensed-music-events-this-weekend/
```

Police are appealing for people to remain vigilant to any unlicensed music events - also known as raves - that may be happening in Northamptonshire over the weekend.

Chief Inspector Tom Thompson is urging local people to be on the lookout for any suspicious activity and to contact police if they have any concerns.

He said: "The intelligence we get from the public is really important and we have been made aware that an unlicensed music event maybe taking place somewhere in the county on Saturday night.

"Organisers of illegal raves often look to our more rural areas for a suitable open space for the event but they can take place in urban areas too, such as a derelict warehouse or park area.

"As such, I'm appealing to local residents, wherever you live, to keep an eye out for anything unusual. It might be an increase in traffic or more people in the area than normal, posters advertising a music event, people acting suspiciously or just any activity in the community that seems out of the ordinary.

"Clearly, the Covid-19 situation is also a concern. Social distancing is still a requirement and restrictions remain on large gatherings. I would urge parents and carers to remind any young people in their care to be aware of the risks of attending such an event - not only of Covid but also of the potential to unwittingly get caught up in anti-social behaviour or disorder that may take place.

"Please remember that, as well as the potential health risk and being hugely disruptive to the local community in terms of noise and nuisance, these events are illegal. So, however tempting a rave might be after weeks of Covid-related restrictions and the current hot weather, please stay at home and stay safe one more time."

"We are working closely with our local communities and have spoken with a number of community representatives who have offered their support in sharing our messages and appeals, to help us get as much information as we can and encourage young people to stay away from illegal raves.

Anyone with any information that an unlicensed music event may be taking place or being planned, or anyone who is concerned about any suspicious activity, is asked to call Northamptonshire Police on 101, quoting Operation Thirsk.
