```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: There was special recognition for Northamptonshire Crimestoppers Committee this summer when the team of volunteers collected a national award for their tireless work across the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special recognition for Northamptonshire Crimestoppers Committee
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/special-recognition-for-northamptonshire-crimestoppers-committee/
publish:
  date: 14:41 19/10/2020
title: Special recognition for Northamptonshire Crimestoppers Committee | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/special-recognition-for-northamptonshire-crimestoppers-committee/
```

There was special recognition for Northamptonshire Crimestoppers Committee this summer when the team of volunteers collected a national award for their tireless work across the county.

The Northamptonshire team was crowned Crime Awareness Committee of the Year at the Crimestoppers 2020 Volunteer Awards, which celebrates the hard work and commitment of the charity's unsung heroes.

There was also special recognition for the chair of the county's committee, Shaun Johnson, who was highly-commended by the judging panel in the Volunteer of the Year category.

The judges were particularly impressed by the tireless work Shaun and the rest of the committee has undertaken over the last 18 months, in and around the hard to reach communities within the county.

This has included promoting the charity's Fearless message to more than 10,000 students across the county, who are living in communities which are dealing with high levels of drug, violence, weapons and gang crime.

The committee has also worked on a number of new initiatives, delivered theatre productions to more than 1,500 students and raised awareness of the charity's Fearless campaign, which is aimed at helping young people.

As part of their activities, the volunteers have held engagement days, which have been attended by more than 700 people, in hard to reach communities such as Wellingborough and Northampton.

These events have helped enable young people to find a way out of a life of crime as well as provide them with the right tools and information to have the confidence to report criminal activity in their community.

As with most events this year, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the award ceremony was held virtually, however that has not stopped the Northamptonshire Committee enjoying their success.

Northamptonshire Committee Chair Shaun Johnson, who has been connected with the committee since 2009, said: "We have a very hardworking group of volunteers who are focussed on reducing crime in our county and we are delighted to have received this prestigious award.

"As a retired police officer I know how important intelligence is in our fight against crime and disorder. Unfortunately in today's climate people are genuinely afraid to talk to the police or other law enforcement agencies.

"Most children and young people will talk to a trusted adult if they are concerned about anything. However, there are a few who are too afraid to do this and the Fearless website provides a safe way to provide information anonymously.

"The committee is dedicated to getting the Crimestoppers and Fearless brands into our hard to reach communities, to ensure young people in this county have the right tools and information they need to make informed choices."

Northamptonshire Police's Force Intelligence lead, Superintendent Tony Hopkins added: "This award is well deserved and Shaun and his team should be proud of the excellent work they do.

"I know first-hand the importance of Crimestoppers, and Shaun and his team have worked tirelessly to make sure they have embedded themselves in key areas of our community where policing engagement is a challenge."

More information about the Crimestoppers 2020 Volunteers Awards can be found on the charity's website at www.crimestoppers-uk.org or for more details on the Fearless campaign, visit www.Fearless.org.

ENDS
