```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: There has been more than a 60% reduction in burglaries across Northamptonshire since the creation of a Force Burglary Team six weeks ago.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 60% crime reduction since burglary team was created
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/60-crime-reduction-since-burglary-team-was-created/
publish:
  date: 11:43 25/04/2019
title: 60% crime reduction since burglary team was created | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/60-crime-reduction-since-burglary-team-was-created/
```

There has been more than a 60% reduction in burglaries across Northamptonshire since the creation of a Force Burglary Team six weeks ago.

Operation Crooked is Northamptonshire Police's campaign to reduce burglary - a top priority for the Force.

As part of the operation, every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police, and the team, which sits within CID, are working to review and drive-up the quality of investigations, manage and progress forensic hits, hunt down wanted people, organise police patrols in areas of concern and gather intelligence to prevent burglaries before they happen.

In the week before the team started there were 130 burglaries in Northamptonshire. This has now reduced to 46 per week currently which is over 60% of a reduction. In the lowest week there were only 28 burglaries which is nearly an 80% reduction.

Detective Inspector Wayne Preece, said: "Our intelligence suggests that word has spread among criminals about the work of this team which has contributed to the crime-rate dropping because these people just don't want to take the risk of being caught.

"I want to be clear that although these figures are encouraging of course, they don't mean that we will be taking our foot off the gas in any way.

"We continue to work at 100% to reduce burglaries in Northamptonshire and arrest and charge offenders appropriately.

"Patrols in areas of concern will continue as will the delivery of crime prevention advice and equipment in these areas. We are also conducting neighbourhood surveys to invest in crime prevention measures.

"Burglary is a terrible crime to have to live with that can have long-lasting effects on the individual and the surrounding community. We recognise this and are doing everything we can to minimise the risk.

"Finally, I would encourage anyone with information about any burglary, burglar or someone believed to be selling stolen goods to contact us on 101. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111."
