```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A Northampton man has been jailed for six years and eight months for non-recent child sex offences.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northampton man jailed for non-recent child sex abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/northampton-man-jailed-for-non-recent-child-sex-abuse/
publish:
  date: 13:28 12/01/2021
title: Northampton man jailed for non-recent child sex abuse | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/northampton-man-jailed-for-non-recent-child-sex-abuse/
```

A Northampton man has been jailed for six years and eight months for non-recent child sex offences.

Derek Edwards, aged 59, of Forfar Street, St James, was also handed a lifetime Sexual Harm Prevention Order and a seven-year licence extension because of his danger to the public - this means that if he is released at the end of his prison term, he will be monitored by police for another seven years.

Officers arrested Edwards last year after a number of victims came forward about the abuse they suffered 20 years earlier. It emerged that he had been sentenced for separate child sex offences on two other occasions.

Sentencing him yesterday (Monday, January 11), Her Honour Judge Rebecca Crane spoke of the devastating impact his abuse had on the victim. She told him: "You are a high-risk sexual offender … I have heard the personal impact statements of your victims. They have described feeling 'disgusting, ashamed, and lacking confidence' in their adult lives. They struggle to socialize and feel anxious."

Detective Constable Craig Copeland, who led the investigation, said: "Edwards is a high-risk sex offender whose vile actions have had a profound effect on his victims. I'd like to commend them for their bravery in coming forward to tell their stories.

"This has been a long and difficult investigation and they have shown great resolve throughout. I hope they now feel a sense of closure, knowing their voices have been heard and Edwards is behind bars.

"This case demonstrates that regardless of how long ago offences took place, we will listen to victims and leave no stone unturned to bring offenders to justice."

Northamptonshire Police takes reports of sexual assault very seriously and will always treat reports of this nature with the confidentiality and sensitivity they deserve.

We will believe you.

If you have been a victim of sexual assault, whether recent or non-recent, please come forward and call us on 101 or use our online reporting tool at www.northants.pnn.police.uk
