```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police are taking part in a national, week long operation from today (Monday, September 16) to tackle knife crime and violent crime.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force taking part in national week of action to tackle knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/force-taking-part-in-national-week-of-action-to-tackle-knife-crime/
publish:
  date: 10:06 16/09/2019
title: Force taking part in national week of action to tackle knife crime | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/force-taking-part-in-national-week-of-action-to-tackle-knife-crime/
```

Northamptonshire Police are taking part in a national, week long operation from today (Monday, September 16) to tackle knife crime and violent crime.

Operation Sceptre will see officers increasing their use of stop and search powers, conducting weapon sweeps and targeting habitual knife carriers as well as engaging with children and young people to educate them about the risks of carrying a knife.

Throughout the week, intensified activity will also include Community Engagement stalls to engage with local communities in the North of the County and the use of knife arches.

Detective Superintendent Paul Rymarz, the force's Head of Crime, said: "Officers continue to fight knife crime on a daily basis but the week of action will help offer reassurance and build confidence in our proactive police work and most importantly, help educate young people about the dreadful impact of knife crime - and warn them that if they carry a knife, they are far more likely to become a knife crime victim.

"We will continue to prosecute those who carry knives. The enforcement and proactive work we do is only one part of the solution to this issue - I urge parents and carers to talk to their children about the hazards of carrying a knife.

"Members of the public also have a vital role to play. I anybody with information about somebody in their community they think may carry a knife to get in touch with us so we can act upon any intelligence we receive.

"We will continue to work relentlessly to challenge and prevent violence and to keep our young people and communities safe."

Anyone who has any information about suspicious behaviour in their area or information about people carrying knives is urged to contact the police on 101.

Reports can also be made anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Notes to editors:**

The week of action is being led by the National Police Chief's Council.

Statistics from the last Operation Sceptre enforcement week in February 2018 are as follows:

 * Overall - 591 test purchase operations were carried out in retail premises by 20 police forces. Of these, there were 469 passes. 122 resulted in the retail outlet failing the test purchase.
 * 1212 stop and searches were carried out by 31 police forces, and 615 arrests made by 27 police forces, of these 282 were for knife related offences. Overall, 4104 weapons were seized by 35 police forces.
 * 918 weapon sweeps were conducted in 20 police force areas, resulting in the recovery of 175 knives and other weapons. In addition, 3660 knives were surrendered (including in amnesty bins) across 28 police force areas.
 * More than 600 education events - including workshops, were also held in schools across 26 police force areas to raise awareness of the dangers of carrying knives.
 * Other activities included hot spot patrols and targeting of habitual knife carriers.

Superintendent Dennis Murray is available for interviews between 1pm and 2pm tomorrow (Tuesday, September 17) to talk about the operation. Call Corporate Communications to schedule an appointment.
