```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A commitment to tackling anti-social behaviour in your area and being a Police Force that cares about the issues that matter to you.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the Twelfth Day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-twelfth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 12:11 24/12/2020
title: "On the Twelfth Day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-twelfth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
```

**A commitment to tackling anti-social behaviour in your area and being a Police Force that cares about the issues that matter to you.** ** **

Yesterday (Wednesday, December 23) was the 12th day of Christmas and the Northampton Neighbourhood policing team focused their efforts on tackling anti-social behaviour - a crime that can have a detrimental effect on people's ability to enjoy where they live.

The team, led by Sergeant Beth Curlett, deployed to hotspot areas including Blackthorn, Abington, Lings, St Crispin's and Kingsthorpe, over the course of the day, proactively collecting intelligence to make sure any emerging ASB issues were stopped in their tracks.

The particular ASB issues the team were focusing on as they patrolled these areas on foot were drug dealing, theft and general ASB.

At one point, the team deployed to the town centre following a report of two shoplifters. Two women aged 18 and 22 were detained and issued with banning orders, fines and conditional cautions.

In the afternoon, the team also helped their colleagues on response with the flash flooding that swept the town and were also able to respond to a 999 call involving a man arrested for a domestic-related assault. The team were able to safeguard the victim and remove the suspect to custody. ** **

Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Beth Curlett, said: "Only by regularly patrolling the areas we police can we really get a sound understanding of what issues are affecting our communities and develop strategies to tackle them.

"Everyone has a right to feel safe and enjoy living in their homes and in their areas, and anti-social behaviour can have a really detrimental effect on this right.

"That's why it's so important for us to get out there, speak to people, proactively patrol, show a presence, and be the police officers our communities deserve.

"We will continue to work closely with our partners in housing, probation, mental health, social services, and the local authority through the Community Safety Partnership, to target those who make the lives of our residents a misery through their distressing behaviour and take a holistic approach in solving the problem."

If you would like to report anti-social behaviour in your area, please call us on 101. Alternatively, you can report online at www.northants.police.uk/ro.
