```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police joined forces with colleagues from partner agencies on Wednesday morning (November 26) for a special operation to improve road safety on a Northampton industrial estate.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special road safety operation targets van drivers in Northampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/special-road-safety-operation-targets-van-drivers-in-northampton/
publish:
  date: 16:49 27/11/2020
title: Special road safety operation targets van drivers in Northampton | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/special-road-safety-operation-targets-van-drivers-in-northampton/
```

Northamptonshire Police joined forces with colleagues from partner agencies on Wednesday morning (November 26) for a special operation to improve road safety on a Northampton industrial estate.

Officers from the Safer Roads Team and the Special Constabulary were supported by colleagues from the Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency Enforcement (DVSA) and Highways England to carry out the safety checks.

Between 5.30am and 9.30am, a total of 103 vans were stopped as they entered the Brackmills Industrial Estate. Officers looked for load issues as well as checking fuel, tax, insurance, tyres and the vehicle's general condition.

Of those stopped, 47 vans were found to be in a roadworthy condition, however 58 of the vehicles failed the checks, resulting in the drivers being dealt with by police officers, DVSA officials or both for various traffic offences.

Nine vehicles were seized for having no tax, insurance or licence, while a further 21 drivers were issued with immediate prohibition notices for having a vehicle in a dangerous condition, and three received delayed notices.

In addition to this, a total of 34 driving offences were detected which included nine drivers and one passenger not wearing a seatbelt, six drivers had no insurance and three were driving otherwise in accordance with their licence.

Nine vehicles were found to have defected tyres, one had an illegal number plate; two were being driven in an anti-social manner, while the MOT had expired on two of the vans.

Those flouting the law have been reported for the offences and will be offered the opportunity to take an online education course if eligible, receive a fixed penalty fine or if preferred, the option to go to court.

However, a 28-year-old man from Romania was arrested on suspicion of driving while disqualified and has since been released under police investigation pending further enquiries.

PC Dave Lee of Northamptonshire Police's Safer Road Team, said: "Improving road safety is a key priority for the Force, which is why it is important we continue to work with our partner agencies to make our roads safer for everyone.

"These checks help identify issues with vehicles, make sure they are resolved, and remind drivers and firms of their responsibilities to ensure vehicles are maintained and kept in a roadworthy condition."

The operation was part of the Force's Operation Journey campaign, which aims to focus on different road users in a bid to improve road safety and reduce the number of people who are killed or seriously injured on the county's roads.
