```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police has created a team within its Criminal Investigation Department (CID) which will focus solely on burglaries.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Op Crooked returns with dedicated team to tackle burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/op-crooked-returns-with-dedicated-team-to-tackle-burglary/
publish:
  date: 14:39 17/04/2019
title: Op Crooked returns with dedicated team to tackle burglary | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/op-crooked-returns-with-dedicated-team-to-tackle-burglary/
```

Northamptonshire Police has created a team within its Criminal Investigation Department (CID) which will focus solely on burglaries.

In line with the Force's priority to reduce residential burglary, a Force Burglary Team, consisting of nine officers supported by intelligence, forensic and proactive resources, will work underneath the banner - Operation Crooked, to tackle the issue.

The team will be led by a Detective Superintendent, Detective Chief Inspector and Detective Inspector and will be overseen by Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Behan.

As part of Operation Crooked, the Force will also be sharing crime prevention advice based on the fact that 25% of burglaries are caused by unlocked doors and windows. They will also be issuing wanted appeals of known offenders they want to put behind bars for burglary offences.

Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Behan, said: "The effects a burglary can have on a victim cannot be underestimated - they feel violated in their own homes, they have the possessions they have worked hard for stolen, and they live in fear about becoming a repeat victim.

"Tackling burglary is a priority for us and the creation of a burglary team within CID will not only look to reduce the number of burglaries that take place across the County, but also deliver quality investigations into offences that lead to forensic hits, arrests, charges and convictions.

"We do not want people in Northamptonshire to feel fearful in their own homes and I hope the public feel reassured at the creation of this team, underneath the Op Crooked banner, that aims to make burglars the ones in fear of being caught and brought to justice."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "Across the county, people have been telling me that they want to see more action to tackle burglary. I strongly support the setting up of a Force burglary team and Operation Crooked, which is a significant step in the right direction and a key investment in fighting crime in Northamptonshire."
