```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: PC Brad Wilson joins Reception children from Stanion Primary School for Brake&#39;s Kids Walk.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community officer helps pupils practice road safety skills
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/community-officer-helps-pupils-practice-road-safety-skills/
publish:
  date: 11:02 04/07/2019
title: Community officer helps pupils practice road safety skills | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/community-officer-helps-pupils-practice-road-safety-skills/
```

Primary school children were joined by their local community police officer as part of a national campaign to reduce the number of children killed or injured on the UK's roads.

Reception pupils from Stanion Primary School were joined by PC Brad Wilson from the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team last Thursday (June 27) as they walked around their village practising their road crossing skills.

The event was organised by Corby Borough Council Neighbourhood Management Team as part of Brake's Kids Walk, to raise awareness of road safety within their local environment as well as the health and planet-saving benefits of walking.

The national project, sponsored by Co-op Insurance, is calling for five measures to be introduced to help keep children safe. These are footpaths, cycle paths, safe places to cross, slow and clean traffic.

Sergeant Rob Offord of the Corby/Kettering Rural Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Parking outside schools is always an issue and the risks associated are high, should there be a collision.

"I would ask children and parents to ensure they remain focused on safety every day, and events such as this serves as a reminder to do this. Our lives are busy however, it only takes a second for something serious to happen. Stay safe around the roads."

Councillor Bob Eyles, who is the lead member for Housing and Neighbourhood Services added: "Corby Borough Council is delighted to be supporting another of Brake's campaigns. Road safety is a significant community concern.

"Being involved in Kids Walk is a fantastic way of educating our neighbourhoods and collaborating with local schools and policing partners to make our roads safer, to help reduce the number of children killed or seriously injured on our roads."

Latest Department for Transport (DfT) figures show that 1,199 children from the East Midlands were killed or injured in 2016. That's the equivalent of a classroom full of 23 children per week.
