```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Northamptonshire Police\u2019s Operation Crooked detectives are sending a special message to burglars in Northamptonshire this Christmas."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Christmas card sent to Northants burglars \u2013 \u2018Santa knows where you live, so do police\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/december-19/christmas-card-sent-to-northants-burglars--santa-knows-where-you-live-so-do-police/
publish:
  date: 10:37 20/12/2019
title: "Christmas card sent to Northants burglars \u2013 \u2018Santa knows where you live, so do police\u2019 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/december-19/christmas-card-sent-to-northants-burglars--santa-knows-where-you-live-so-do-police/
```

Northamptonshire Police's Operation Crooked detectives are sending a special message to burglars across the county this Christmas.

Christmas cards addressed to known burglars or people suspected of burgling are currently hitting doormats across the Force, sent by detectives from Northamptonshire Police's Burglary Team.

The cards detail the zero-tolerance approach the Force takes on burglary - one of its top priorities - and the work of Operation Crooked, its campaign to reduce burglary across the county.

As part of the operation, the Burglary Team, which sits within CID, ensure that every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police. Since the start of the campaign, burglaries have decreased by over 20% and they continue to drop.

Detective Inspector Wayne Preece, said: "Sending out these Christmas cards may seem like a bold move but I want there to be no confusion here - we absolutely do not tolerate burglary in Northamptonshire.

"I hope these Christmas cards serve as a reminder to people that not only do we know where they live, but that we will take swift and robust action against anyone who thinks committing these crimes is acceptable.

"Everyone deserves to feel safe in their homes and burglars completely violate that feeling. We will do all we can to tackle burglars and sending these cards is just one tactic we are using.

"Burglars are not welcome in Northamptonshire and I hope the people who receive these cards take them as a friendly message to have a fantastic crime-free Christmas."
