```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CI am a Corby boy. I grew up in Corby and I have been a police officer in Northamptonshire for more than 30 years. My passion for this county will always be there and I know I leave North Northamptonshire in very good hands.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Good results on the North continue as Superintendent Dennis Murray leaves for pastures new
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/good-results-on-the-north-continue-as-superintendent-dennis-murray-leaves-for-pastures-new/
publish:
  date: 10:19 23/10/2020
title: Good results on the North continue as Superintendent Dennis Murray leaves for pastures new | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/good-results-on-the-north-continue-as-superintendent-dennis-murray-leaves-for-pastures-new/
```

"I am a Corby boy. I grew up in Corby and I have been a police officer in Northamptonshire for more than 30 years. My passion for this county will always be there and I know I leave North Northamptonshire in very good hands."

Today (Friday, October 23) is Superintendent Dennis Murray's last day as the North LPA Commander before he hands over to his successor - Superintendent Adam Ward. But during the handover period, everything has continued to run like clockwork, evidenced by the usual good results.

At the beginning of October, one of many warrants was executed at an address in Wellington Street, Kettering, resulting in the arrest of a 52-year-old man and the seizure of Class A drugs, cash and drug paraphernalia.

Earlier that week, two males were seen on CCTV, just after midnight, acting suspiciously in Rockingham Road, Corby. When approached by officers, they made off, however were located nearby, and found to be in possession of bolt croppers and pliers.

A 16-year-old boy was subsequently charged with going equipped for theft in connection with the incident.

After a series of burglaries in Corby in September in Kiel Walk, Trinity Walk, Wensleydale Park and Shire Road, the community were reassured when police officers arrested a 47-year-old Market Harborough man in connection with all four incidents. He has since been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Later that week, 19-year-old drug dealer Cameron Owen, 19, of Blackfriars, Rushden, pleaded guilty to five drugs-related offences and was sentenced to 3 ½ years in prison. Despite thinking he was untouchable, Owen was unaware how much police knew about his criminal activity, and he had no choice but to plead guilty when caught.

On October 20, police officers were called to reports that two people had broken into a commercial premises at an industrial estate in Brunel Road, Corby. On arrival, a white Peugeot van made off and failed to stop for officers. Soon after, the front seat passenger got out and was immediately detained and arrested.

The van then drove to a dead end in Macadam Road, where the driver then got out and ran down Stockbridge Road. At this point, PD Olly was deployed to search for him, tracking across open fields and then over a small brook where he located the second man trying to hide from him in brambles. He was also arrested.

On October 17, a burglary at an address in Desborough Road, Rothwell, saw a mobile phone and bank cards stolen from inside with the cards later used fraudulently. Ricky Stephen Macrae, 39, of no fixed abode, has since been charged in connection with the incident.

Patrols in the Wellingborough area on October 21, saw officers able to stop a crime in progress when they witnessed a suspected drug deal in Ryeburn Way and arrested a man who was found to be in possession of Class A drugs. Tomas Zarosa, 22, of no fixed abode, has since been charged with possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply in connection with the incident.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "If I was to mention every piece of good work that happens across the North every day, we would be here for a very long time. This is just a snapshot, but I hope it gives people an idea of the hard work that goes on every hour of every day.

"The commitment and enthusiasm of our cops here is second to none - they care deeply about their communities and remain determined as ever to fight crime and protect local people.

"I am a Corby boy. I grew up in Corby and I have been a police officer in Northamptonshire for more than 30 years. Although I am moving to a new role at the British Transport Police, my passion for this county will always be there.

"I know these good results will continue because I leave North Northamptonshire in the very good and capable hands of Superintendent Adam Ward, a man also grew up in the North and has a real commitment and buy-in to the LPA.

"I know he will lead the North exceptionally - the warrants will continue, the arrests and charges will keep coming, vulnerable people will continue to be safeguarded, and local people can be reassured that their police officers will always fight for them and their safety."

Chief Constable Nick Adderley, said: "Dennis is a top cop and an outstanding leader. Our loss is definitely the British Transport Police's gain and I look forward to watching his career in policing progress there.

"Dennis' passion for his communities has always shone through and he leaves behind a great legacy in North Northamptonshire.

"Although we will miss him greatly, I know that Superintendent Adam Ward, another top cop, is more than up to the job of continuing all the good work.

"I very much look forward to hearing about his and his team's inevitable future successes."
