```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance joins Highways England stand at Silverstone this weekend.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Keeping British MotoGP visitors on track for safer rides
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/keeping-british-motogp-visitors-on-track-for-safer-rides/
publish:
  date: 15:06 22/08/2019
title: Keeping British MotoGP visitors on track for safer rides | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/keeping-british-motogp-visitors-on-track-for-safer-rides/
```

The Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance will be at this weekend's (August 23-25) British MotoGP at Silverstone to promote safety messages in partnership with Highways England.

With more than 155,000 people expected to attend the Northamptonshire circuit over the three days, members of the NSRA will be on hand to speak to visitors at the Highways England stand in the Entertainment Zone.

Racing fans of all ages will have the opportunity to take part in a range of fun and interactive games on the stand, including testing their reactions on a Batak Machine and making a fruit drink on the smoothie bike.

There will also be the chance to check out an array of emergency vehicles as well as pick up safety information including Highways England's Stay Safe, Stay Back tailgating and its new motorway safety campaign.

Representatives from BikeSafe, DocBike and Biker Down, will also be on hand to pass on essential road safety advice including how to look after an injured biker and to promote the benefits of rider training courses.

Highways England will also be joined on patrol outside the circuit by officers from Northamptonshire Police Safer Roads and South Northants Neighbourhood Policing Team to make sure everyone has a safe journey and enjoys their visit.

With temperatures expected to rise once again over the bank holiday weekend, motorcyclists heading to Silverstone are being reminded to wear the right clothing at all times, even if the sun is shining.

The warning comes after 35 per cent of motorcyclists who took part in an online snap poll by Highways England admitted they left their protective kit off on a sunny day.

Highways England posed a similar question to motorcyclists at this year's British Superbike Championships at Silverstone. Almost 200 people were questioned at the event and 19 per cent admitted the same, while 26 per cent said they would take out a pillion passenger who was not wearing any protective clothing.

With a high number of motorcycle collisions taking place in the summer months, the importance of protective kit will be one of the safety messages at the Highways England stand over the MotoGP weekend.

Highways England Head of Road Safety Richard Leonard said: "Motorcyclists are one of the most vulnerable groups of road users and we are committed to improving the safety on our network for everyone who travels or works on it.

"So we are heading to Silverstone this weekend to take the opportunity to remind motorcyclists, particularly young riders, of the need to wear protective clothing every time they go out on their bike.

"Safety should be the most important factor when getting ready to go for a ride - not the weather."

NSRA is a partnership made up of Northamptonshire Police, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service (NFRS), The Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner (OPFCC) and Northamptonshire Highways representing Northamptonshire County Council, who work together on initiatives to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on Northamptonshire's roads and to make the county's roads safer.
