```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "A four-day policing operation begins today (Thursday, July 11) at Silverstone as one of the country\u2019s largest sporting events, the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix, returns to Northamptonshire."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing operation for the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix begins today
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/policing-operation-for-the-2019-f1-british-grand-prix-begins-today/
publish:
  date: 11:00 11/07/2019
title: Policing operation for the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix begins today | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/policing-operation-for-the-2019-f1-british-grand-prix-begins-today/
```

A four-day policing operation begins today (Thursday, July 11) at Silverstone as one of the country's largest sporting events, the 2019 F1 British Grand Prix, returns to Northamptonshire.

Some 340,000 people are expected to arrive at the circuit over the weekend with more than 110,000 in attendance for Sunday's main race. The policing operation will run from Thursday to Sunday and is focused on ensuring race-goers have a safe and enjoyable time.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, the event commander for Northamptonshire Police, said: "Spectators are starting to arrive in the area for this year's F1 British Grand Prix and Northamptonshire Police is ready to make sure they have a safe and enjoyable weekend.

"This event is one of the biggest sporting events in the country and a lot of planning goes into the policing operation every year. Although we are very experienced in the policing of this event, this doesn't mean we are complacent.

"The security measures we have put in place are as stringent as ever. We've carried out searches at the circuit today and our officers will be out and about at the circuit, campsites and local area during the next four days, and anyone thinking of taking advantage of the race weekend to commit a crime will be caught."

"Those entering the circuit will be subject to searches of their bags and their person. This will make entering the venue a little slower but security is paramount and people are asked to be patient. The circuit will be extremely busy throughout the weekend so please allow extra of time for travel and security checks.

Tickets have now sold out for all three days of the event and will not be available for purchase on the gate. The organisers are advising that anyone without a ticket should not attempt to travel to Silverstone and should follow the action on TV.

Supt Murray added: "I would also encourage racegoers take a look at the crime prevention and safety advice on the Northamptonshire Police website and do all they can to prepare for their visit.

"Finally, the public can help us keep the event safe by being alert and vigilant for anything or anyone who looks out of place or suspicious, by reporting it to us on the 101 number, or in an emergency 999."

Despite resources being deployed to Silverstone and a number of events in the county over the weekend, the public can be reassured that policing across Northamptonshire is unaffected.

Visit www.northants.police.uk/silverstone, follow @NorthantsPolice on Twitter or 'like' Northamptonshire Police on Facebook for up-to-date information during the weekend.

More information for racegoers is also available at www.silverstone.co.uk/formula-1-all-you-need-to-know
