```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Volunteers take part in litter pick
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Local community officers help residents spring clean!
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/local-community-officers-help-residents-spring-clean/
publish:
  date: 11:17 17/06/2019
title: Local community officers help residents spring clean! | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/local-community-officers-help-residents-spring-clean/
```

Members of the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team were among the volunteers who joined residents from the Kingswood and Hazel Leys estates to help clean up their communities.

The spring clean was organised by KHL Big Local to encourage residents to dispose of their rubbish correctly and to promote the work of the lottery funded community group.

Police Community Support Officers (PCSO) Joe Devlin and Jon Panther teamed up with younger volunteers to carry out a litter pick of the two estates, and once the hard work had been done, the children inspected the siren on the van.

PCSO Panther, said: "It was great fun working with the children to help them collect rubbish from around the estates. They were very enthusiastic which was fantastic to see.

"Litter can make a community look very unsightly and give those visiting the area the wrong impression, so events such as this are just perfect as it encourages the local residents to take pride in where they live."

As part of the event, volunteers manned two skips placed outside the Kingswood and Hazel Leys Neighbourhood Centres, and any items which were unsuitable for the skip were collected separately.

Northamptonshire Waste Management parked its waste recycling bus outside both centres to help residents learn how to recycle. Kitted out with touch screens and games, the bus provided interactive fun for everyone.

Sam Johnston of KHL Big Local, added: "It was great working with local agencies and to see so many residents getting involved and joining in the activities across the two estates.

"The event made such a positive impact on the two estates, and helped those who were struggling to dispose of their rubbish."

The event, which was supported by Corby Borough Council and the neighbourhood associations, finished with a free party at both community centres. Just Party kept the children entertained with various activities including a junk challenge.
