```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "A new policing team is set to be the driving force behind Northamptonshire Police\u2019s fight against those who use the county\u2019s road network to commit crime."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Police Interceptors to take the fight to the criminals
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/new-police-interceptors-to-take-the-fight-to-the-criminals/
publish:
  date: 13:41 10/09/2020
title: New Police Interceptors to take the fight to the criminals | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/new-police-interceptors-to-take-the-fight-to-the-criminals/
```

A new policing team is set to be the driving force behind Northamptonshire Police's fight against those who use the county's road network to commit crime.

The Northamptonshire Police Interceptors Team is made up of Response officers from the Force's two Local Policing Areas, who will enhance the work already being carried out the Road Crime Team to deny criminals the use of the roads.

Covering more than 3,000-miles of road network across the county, the team will have the capabilities to police the streets and highways 24/7, enabling the Force to take the fight direct to the criminals.

To ensure the team has the right resources, the Force has invested in a new fleet of rapid response interceptor cars, which have been funded by the Office of the Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner.

The eight Skoda Octavia VRS Estate TDi vehicles may have the capabilities of high-performance cars, however it is not just the engine size which matters, as the fleet has been fitted with latest technology and kit.

Northamptonshire Police Chief Constable Nick Adderley, said: "The addition of the Police Interceptors team will enable the Force to respond robustly to all forms of criminality across the county.

"The officers have been highly-trained to drive the Police Interceptors and to use the latest technology and equipment fitted to the car, which included the latest in-car ANPR technology.

"This will give officers the capabilities to intercept known vehicles and criminals, target hotspots as well as support one of the Force's policing priorities to make the county's roads safer.

"The message to organised crime groups and criminals who use the roads to carry out their illegal activities is simple - we are coming for you and will be relentless in our task of bringing you to justice.

"The Police Interceptors is a major investment in the future of the Force and I am absolutely determined people will see and feel the difference in their communities across the county.

"Our officers and staff are working tirelessly 24-hours, seven days a week to fight crime and to protect the public both on our roads and in our communities to give the public a force they want and deserve."

The launch of the Police Interceptors is part of a wider strategy to strength crime fighting and links several initiatives, including the £1.3 million investment to add around 100 new cameras to the ANPR network across the county.

The cameras will also support the Force in tackling anti-social driving and identify uninsured vehicles - research shows drivers who have no insurance are more likely to be involved in serious road traffic collisions or other types of criminality.

Police, Fire & Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold, said: "This is another major investment in policing in Northamptonshire which will benefit people across the county.

"Taken together with the increased number of police officers and our plans to almost double our ANPR network, these investments support the Force's plans to crack down even harder on crime."
