```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A new recruitment campaign, that allows applicants to join a structured two year programme to become a detective, has launched today (Friday, 24 April, 2020). If you&#39;re looking for an exciting job. This career is for you.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New initiative launched allowing people to join force to become detective constables
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/new-initiative-launched-allowing-people-to-join-force-to-become-detective-constables/
publish:
  date: 11:01 24/04/2020
title: New initiative launched allowing people to join force to become detective constables | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/new-initiative-launched-allowing-people-to-join-force-to-become-detective-constables/
```

A new recruitment campaign, that allows applicants to join a structured two year programme to become a detective, has launched today (Friday, 24 April, 2020).

The Accelerated Detective Pathway (ADP), which is open to anyone with a 2:2 degree, is aimed at ensuring the force has the right number of detectives in the future.

Traditionally, the path to becoming a detective would see entrants join as a uniformed police officer before specialising. However, Northamptonshire Police is now giving people, with the appropriate transferable skills, knowledge and experience, the chance to work alongside fellow detectives within months of joining the police.

This initiative will compliment the internal detective selection processes, as well as opportunities for officers from other forces to transfer, and aims to bring rapid support to investigators working in challenging fields.

Those joining this rigorous programme will initially go through a written application and assessment centre. Applicants successful at final interview will undergo a medical assessment, fitness test and security check before a job offer will be made.

As a trainee detective constable, individuals will start a two year probationary period. Initially being equipped with the knowledge and skills required of all police officers - like officer safety training, understanding key powers and procedures and making arrests.

This period will include being tutored and going out on patrol with a tutor constable, before eventually going out on independent patrol. Individuals will then move to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID). In this investigative environment, trainees will work towards Accredited Detective Status. They will be required to complete and pass the National Investigators Exam and Detective Training Course.

Those interested can learn more about the ADP at www.northants.police.uk/careers

The vacancy closes on 31 May, 2020.

Detective Superintendent Paul Rymarz, head of CID, said: "This is an exciting time to join Northamptonshire Police and this new pathway gives people an extraordinary opportunity to start a career that will change their lives and the lives of others.

"I want to be clear though, we expect the highest standards of our detectives and will therefore be looking for applications from individual who can demonstrate strong communication and decision-making skills. We'll be looking for team players with leadership qualities, integrity and resilience.

"We have researched and developed a pathway that will look to produce credible detectives who will help us investigate some of our most serious and complex investigations.

"We hope that the campaign will bring in new and talented individuals that can help us make this county safer."
