```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team will be joining the town&#39;s safety partnership for three further actions days this month.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Get involved to make a difference in Rye Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/get-involved-to-make-a-difference-in-rye-hill/
publish:
  date: 11:58 19/08/2019
title: Get involved to make a difference in Rye Hill | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/get-involved-to-make-a-difference-in-rye-hill/
```

Northampton Community Safety Partnership are encouraging residents to get involved in activities taking place in Rye Hill on August 19, 21 and 23.

Today (Monday, August 19), the partnership will be holding a One Stop Shop for local services in the Montague Crescent Community Centre. Between 11am and 1pm, Northampton Borough Council, Veolia, Northamptonshire Police, Northants Fire and Rescue and Rapid Relief will be on hand to give updates and speak to residents about any issues they are experiencing.

Volunteers are needed for the activities on Wednesday, August 21, which include littering picking, edging pathways and clearing low hanging branches around Dallington Brook, at the rear of Montague Crescent. Volunteers can meet by the brook, at the bottom of Montague Crescent from 10am.Refreshments will be available throughout the day.

A family fun day on Tresham Green will help to close the three-day community event on Friday, August 23. Opening 12pm to 4pm, the fun day will sport information stalls from local organisations, food and drink, a bouncy castle, sports activities and vehicles from Northamptonshire Police and Northants Fire and Rescue Service. In addition, free bike security marking will also be on offer.

Councillor Anna King, Cabinet member for community engagement and safety, said: "We take feedback from residents seriously and our regular Action Days with partners enables us to reach out to community members and get them involved in making a difference in their area.

"We've got lots planned for the three days in Rye Hill and we look forward to welcoming residents each day and hearing their ideas for the area."

Sergeant Nick Paul of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "These events are an ideal opportunity to work with our partners to engage with all sections of the Rye Hill community and provide them with access to their neighbourhood policing team.

"It also gives residents the chance to raise any concerns they may have locally, or to pick up personal safety and crime prevention information."
