```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man who killed a father-of-two as he crossed the road has been jailed for three years.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for three years for causing death by dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/man-jailed-for-three-years-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
publish:
  date: 14:35 20/11/2020
title: Man jailed for three years for causing death by dangerous driving | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/man-jailed-for-three-years-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
```

A 21-year-old man who killed a father-of-two as he crossed the road has been jailed for three years.

At about 11pm on August 17, 2019, 21-year-old Callum Richardson, previously of Moulton, Northampton, was driving his Ford Fiesta at 48mph when he struck 47-year-old pedestrian - Salem Lufti, in Wellingborough Road, Northampton.

In initial interviews with police officers, Richardson claimed that Mr Lufti had "suddenly walked out in front of him", however as further investigation took place, officers were able to ascertain that Richardson had been driving dangerously, above the speed limit, and didn't attempt to brake until after the collision had taken place.

Yesterday (Thursday, November 19) at Northampton Crown Court, he was jailed for three years.

Lead Investigator, DC Ady Tredwell, said: "There is no sentence in this world that can ever make up for the loss of Salem Lufti. He was a much-loved man, husband and father, and the court was moved by his widow's victim impact statement which described the loss and suffering her and their two small children have experienced.

"It was especially heartbreaking to hear that Mr Lufti's son had tried to call and send him text messages after his death, asking him to come back, and that only a few weeks before the collision had his youngest child been born.

"I truly hope Callum Richardson understands the gravity his actions have had - there are two young children who will now grow up without their father and a woman who has been left without her soulmate. He can never take back what happened and must live with the consequences of his actions for the rest of his life.

"This has been a lengthy and complex investigation and I hope that Mr Lufti's widow can take some small comfort in the conclusion of the case and that some semblance of justice has been delivered. My thoughts remain with her and will do long into the future."
