```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Members of the public urged to report suspicious incidents in Corby.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Local neighbourhood policing team appeal for CCTV images
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/local-neighbourhood-policing-team-appeal-for-cctv-images/
publish:
  date: 13:41 16/10/2019
title: Local neighbourhood policing team appeal for CCTV images | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/local-neighbourhood-policing-team-appeal-for-cctv-images/
```

Residents and local businesses in Corby are being asked to check home security or CCTV footage for anyone acting suspiciously in and around the area where they live or work.

The appeal from the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team follows members of the public sharing posts on social media warning people to be vigilant after a number of attempted thefts and break-ins across the town.

With the majority of these incidents going unreported to the police, officers are urging members of the public to report all offences to enable the neighbourhood team to build intelligence around those who are committing these crimes.

PC Mark Walker, of Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "There has been a number of posts circulating on Facebook from local people reporting that someone has tried their doors or attempted to break in to their vehicles.

"These incidents are clearly affecting the local community. However, unless people report all such incidents to us, so we don't have a true picture of the extent of the problem.

"We have launched a local policing operation to tackle the ongoing issues and we would therefore encourage anyone who has been targeted to report it to us, either by calling 101 or submitting a report online.

"We would also urge local residents and businesses, who may have CCTV stills of possible offenders, to email them to us along with the date, time and location of the incident."

As part of the local policing operation, has been setup and as a result, members of the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team will be carrying out additional high-visibility patrols across the town.

PC Walker will also be holding a number of community events for members of the public to attend and raise any policing concerns they may have as well as pick up information on crime prevention.

Anyone with CCTV stills, or would like more information on how to submit images, is asked to contact mark.walker@northants.pnn.police.uk.
