```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: With Northamptonshire now in Tier 2 of the new Covid-19 restrictions, police are urging people to continue to abide by the rules.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New restrictions for Northamptonshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/new-restrictions-for-northamptonshire/
publish:
  date: 16:34 02/12/2020
title: New restrictions for Northamptonshire | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/new-restrictions-for-northamptonshire/
```

With Northamptonshire now in Tier 2 of the new Covid-19 restrictions, police are urging people to continue to abide by the rules.

Under the new Tier 2 restrictions you cannot mix with another household indoors but groups of up to six people from different households can meet outdoors, while non-essential shops, gyms, restaurants and pubs serving food have re-opened.

The end of lockdown comes as the latest statistics on the number of people who have been issued with Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) for breaking Covid-19 laws have been released.

Latest statistics published by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) show that officers in Northamptonshire issued an additional 172 fines between 20 October and 16 November.

The Force issued a total of 546 FPNs between 27 March and 16 November.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly, from Northamptonshire Police said: "Throughout the pandemic we have taken an engage, explain, educate and enforce approach to the legislation set out by the Government, and our officers will continue to apply the law fairly, but we will also continue to enforce where people decide to ignore the regulations, putting others at risk.

"As the local infection rate increased we stepped up our enforcement action and will continue to take appropriate action against those people who have broken the law."

Police officers have been conducting joint patrols with colleagues from borough and district councils, visiting businesses that have been reported to be breaching restrictions. Council Environmental Health Officers have different enforcement powers to police officers and the joint patrols have ensured the appropriate action is taken when a breach has occurred.

ACC Blatchly added: "I want to thank those people who have stuck by the rules as the year has progressed. None of us want to live with restrictions in our life, however, we must all play our part in stopping the spread of coronavirus. The news of a vaccine being approved is positive, and like everyone else, I hope it means life can return to normal in the near future, however, I do ask that you continue to follow the law and abide by the new Tier 2 restrictions we are now subject to."

The latest statistics released by the NPCC show that between 20 October and 16 November:

 * 172 FPNs were issued across Northamptonshire
 * 71 FPNs have been issued to people for failing to wear a face covering on public transport or in a relevant place
 * 59 FPNs were issued to those participating in an indoor gathering
 * 8 FPNs have been issued to people who have failed to follow the international travel regulations

**Tier 2**

Tier 2 is for areas with a higher or rapidly rising level of infections, where some additional restrictions need to be in place.

 * You cannot mix with another household indoors
 * Up to six people from different households can meet outdoors
 * Overnight stays are permitted only with your household or support bubble
 * Walk and cycle wherever possible and avoid travelling to Tier 3 areas
 * You must work from home if you can
 * Pubs must close unless operating as restaurants
