```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThey can tell us to give up on them but we never will. We will always fight their corner. Sometimes they just need someone to make them believe in their own strength and no one can do that as well as a police officer.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Not just crime \u2013 police officers on the West work hard to protect victims of domestic abuse and safeguard the most vulnerable people in our society"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/not-just-crime--police-officers-on-the-west-work-hard-to-protect-victims-of-domestic-abuse-and-safeguard-the-most-vulnerable-people-in-our-society/
publish:
  date: 10:24 02/10/2020
title: "Not just crime \u2013 police officers on the West work hard to protect victims of domestic abuse and safeguard the most vulnerable people in our society | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/not-just-crime--police-officers-on-the-west-work-hard-to-protect-victims-of-domestic-abuse-and-safeguard-the-most-vulnerable-people-in-our-society/
```

"They can tell us to give up on them but we never will. We will always fight their corner. Sometimes they just need someone to make them believe in their own strength and no one can do that as well as a police officer."

This is the message from Superintendent Kev Mulligan, the man in charge of West Northamptonshire, as his teams help secure a number of charges for domestic abuse incidents as well as finding missing people and tackling crime.

At the beginning of September, police officers were deployed to a domestic incident in Northampton where a man had thrown a kettle of hot water over a woman.

After some initial reluctance, the support and gentle encouragement provided by specialist officers from the Domestic Abuse Prevention and Investigation Team (DAPIT) gave the victim the strength to provide a statement. Her bravery resulted in an arrest.

A 42-year-old man was subsequently charged with assault in connection with the incident and has since been remanded into custody.

On September 12, officers attended another domestic incident in Northampton in which a man who had threatened to burn down a house was reported to be pouring petrol on the front lawn of the property in question.

A 36-year-old man was subsequently arrested and charged in connection with the offence.

On September 25, a 24-year-old man was charged with engaging in controlling and coercive behaviour in relation to a number of domestic-related incidents in Daventry, one in which a man threatened to beat a woman if she hugged her male friend.

And it's not just domestic abuse that has kept the teams busy this month.

On September 17, officers received reports of a man in turmoil who had gone missing with serious concerns he was about to end his life. After an intensive search, including the deployment of police dogs, he was found safe and well by response officers near Salcey Forest and safeguarded.

Three days later, officers dealt with another incident in which a man was suffering with mental health issues and had called 999, believing he was under attack. The attending response officers dealt with him calmly and compassionately, taking him to hospital and sitting with him until he was called in for treatment.

Two days later, police officers were deployed to search for another high risk missing person. They quickly tracked the woman in question to the toilets at Weston Favell shopping centre and upon realising she had overdosed, rushed her to hospital where she received treatment.

Superintendent Kev Mulligan, said: "These incidents show the other side to policing and the commitment our officers and staff demonstrate every day in protecting the most vulnerable people in our society.

"We are still executing warrants, seizing drugs and tackling crime, but what makes our cops so great in this county is their ability to go from knocking a door in and arresting a drug dealer to sitting in hospital with a suicidal person who needs their support - providing reassurance and a listening ear.

"I am particularly pleased with the results our domestic abuse teams have secured in the past month which has seen both adults and children safeguarded from harm.

"Victims of domestic abuse can tell us to give up on them but we never will. We will always fight their corner. Sometimes they just need someone to make them believe in their own strength and no one can do that as well as a police officer.

"We will continue to be relentless in our efforts to tackle crime and protect people in this county and I am proud to lead such a dedicated and committed group of police officers and staff."
