```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner and Northamptonshire Police have launched a home protection website as part of Operation Crooked.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northamptonshire Police launches home protection website as part of Operation Crooked
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/copy/
publish:
  date: 13:37 19/11/2019
title: Northamptonshire Police launches home protection website as part of Operation Crooked | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/copy/
```

Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner and Northamptonshire Police have launched a home protection website as part of Operation Crooked.

Operation Crooked is Northamptonshire Police's campaign to reduce burglary - a top priority for the Force. As part of the operation, the Burglary Team, which sits within CID, ensure that every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police.

They are also working to review and drive-up the quality of investigations, manage and progress forensic hits, hunt down wanted people, organise police patrols in areas of concern and gather intelligence to prevent burglaries before they happen.

The website www.protectyourhomenorthants.co.uk launched today and contains information written by specialist crime prevention officers on how best to protect your home from burglars. Ranging from ways to secure the perimeter of your property to what you can do inside your home to deter burglars, the website is a one-stop-shop for all things home security.

The website goes alongside the Force's brand-new burglary pack which was launched last week and which will be given out to all victims of burglary across Northamptonshire. Both have been created as part of a project funded by Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold.

Crime Prevention Team Leader, Paul Golley, said: "Our new home protection website allows users to go on, pick any aspect of their home security, and learn how they can update or improve it.

"Home security might seem like common sense to a lot of people, but 25% of burglaries in Northamptonshire happen because of an unlocked door or window.

"The information on this website does not only give general crime prevention advice though - it delves deep into the latest technology available to keep your home as secure as possible and not worth burglars trying to invade.

"I hope people across Northamptonshire have a look at what we've created for them, follow our advice and make it even harder for burglars in this County to get away with their crimes."
