```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "If you\u2019ve ever thought of being a police officer, but ended up taking a difference path or you\u2019re considering it as a career, but want to get an insight first, then now is your chance to get that experience as a Special Constable."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ever wondered what life as a police officer would be like, but never took the chance?
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/ever-wondered-what-life-as-a-police-officer-would-be-like-but-never-took-the-chance/
publish:
  date: 08:48 16/07/2020
title: Ever wondered what life as a police officer would be like, but never took the chance? | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/ever-wondered-what-life-as-a-police-officer-would-be-like-but-never-took-the-chance/
```

If you've ever thought of being a police officer, but ended up taking a difference path or you're considering it as a career, but want to get an insight first, then now is your chance to get that experience as a Special Constable.

Northamptonshire Police has opened up recruitment for Special Constables, allowing people to get the experience under their belt, whether they're considering a career change, or just want to give something back in their spare time.

**Same uniform, same powers**

Special Constables are volunteer police officers who wear the same uniform and have the same powers and responsibilities as regular officers.

They enjoy a variety of roles and carry out duties like their regular counterparts. These include responding to a variety of 999 calls that can range from anti-social behaviour and criminal damage to road traffic collisions, public order events and serious assaults.

They are responsible for making house-to-house enquiries, presenting evidence in court and making arrests.

The only difference between Specials and regular officers is that the time they give up - a minimum of 16 hours a month - is voluntary.

**Diverse roles, diverse walks of life**

The Force, which currently has 200 Specials, is looking to recruit 30 more this year, across a variety of roles.

The existing Specials hold day jobs including scientists, students, home makers and teachers, as well as many more.

In their volunteer time as Specials, they undertake roles in neighbourhoods, as response officers dealing with 999 calls, or on the safer roads team.

Specials come from all walks of life, and fit their volunteer work around full-time positions and family lives.

Chief Officer for the Special Constabulary, Mike Maywood, said: "We attract Specials from all walks of life and careers, but the one thing that they all have in common is their passion and desire to keep communities safe and give something back.

"Many people find the role immensely fulfilling and indeed get something back personally, while contributing their time for the public.

"For many people who perhaps can't give up their day jobs or want to get the experience before taking the plunge as a regular officer, being a Special gives them the best of both worlds.

"I would encourage anyone who thinks they can #DoSomethingSpecial to apply now."

Certain roles - where a conflict of interest may occur - are exempt from applying. Eligibility criteria applies. Successful applicants would be expected to commence in January 2021. Further information and the application form can be found at www.northantspolicespecials.co.uk
