```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Northamptonshire Special Constabulary has lost the services of 19 members of its team in just one day, taking a combined total of 93 years\u2019 policing experience with them."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "The Special Constabulary&#39;s loss, is Northamptonshire Police\u2019s gain"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/the-special-constabulary-loss-is-northamptonshire-polices-gain/
publish:
  date: 09:13 11/05/2020
title: "The Special Constabulary&#39;s loss, is Northamptonshire Police\u2019s gain | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/the-special-constabulary-loss-is-northamptonshire-polices-gain/
```

Northamptonshire Special Constabulary has lost the services of 19 members of its team in just one day, taking a combined total of 93 years' policing experience with them.

Under normal circumstance this would have been a disaster, but in this case, the Specials' loss is Northamptonshire Police's gain with all the volunteers transferring to the Force as regulars.

The former Specials started their initial training at Force Headquarters on April 20, and will spend the next two years as student officers working across the two local policing areas.

Northamptonshire Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mike Maywood said: "I am always immensely proud of all of our Specials who collectively volunteer thousands of hours policing services to the people of Northamptonshire each year.

"However, to provide such high calibre of officers to the Force is a great testament and achievement to all of our volunteers who make up Northamptonshire Special Constabulary.

"Each and every one of those who have joined the Force will bring a unique journey and life experience to the regulars, with some having served as a Special for more than 19 years before taking the plunge to go full time."

Specials & Volunteers Team Sergeant, Sue Torrance has supported and mentored all of the officers through the application process alongside colleagues from the Force's HR and Recruitment Team.

Sergeant Torrance said: "The bespoke intake of new recruits is the culmination of many months of hard work by the HR and Recruitment Team, which has involved assessment centres, reviews of service and the usual level of background checks and references.

"I am very proud of them all. I have watched them grow and mature within the Special Constabulary, and they will all make mighty fine officers and colleagues. They are joining the Force at an exciting time and I wish them a long and fulfilling career."

If you think you have got what it takes to become a Special Constable or would like more information about a career with the Force, visit our recruitment page at www.northants.police.uk/careers
