```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: In the latest push to drive down crime, Northamptonshire Police officers will be carrying out 100 days of intense policing activity across the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 100 days of intense policing activity in major crime crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/100-days-of-intense-policing-activity-in-major-crime-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 08:55 14/07/2020
title: 100 days of intense policing activity in major crime crackdown | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/100-days-of-intense-policing-activity-in-major-crime-crackdown/
```

In the latest push to drive down crime, Northamptonshire Police officers will be carrying out 100 days of intense policing activity across the county.

Specialist teams will be executing multiple warrants relating to a range of crime types, focusing on the force's current policing priorities including serious organised crime, sexual violence, domestic abuse, child exploitation and cuckooing - with an emphasis on safeguarding children and vulnerable adults.

The 100 days of intensified action is already underway and last week saw a surge of positive activity, in response to an increase in intelligence received from communities across the county, pointing to improved trust and confidence in the force.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly, who is leading the operation, said:

"This operation began last week in the north of the county where four warrants were carried out, resulting in two community resolutions and drugs link referrals for possession offences, a conditional caution for cannabis cultivation and one person referred to the Youth Offending Service.

"On the Northamptonshire West Local Policing Area, 12 search warrants were executed resulting in the seizure of £1k worth of prepared cannabis, a quantity of a Class A substance and around 700 cannabis plants being seized, with three people arrested, charged and remanded. A man wanted by French police for drug trafficking offences was arrested on a European Arrest Warrant.

"This is just the start and dozens more warrants have been secured or are being prepared for court by our intelligence department and these opportunities for proactive policing will continue unabated.

"The pace of this activity will be relentless and painstaking and will include a crackdown on exploitation with safeguarding officers involved in every warrant to help identify and protect vulnerable children and adults.

"I can't emphasise enough that this activity is intelligence led and I appeal to our local communities to continue to submit information relating to any concerns they have in their neighbourhood, by calling 101 or submitting a report online.

"Anybody wishing to report information anonymously can do so by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111".

The photos and video below are from warrants conducted today, Tuesday, July 14, in Cedar Road and Ashburnham Road, Northampton.

Two men have were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs. Money and weapons were also seized at the properties.

In the video, Sergeant Beth Curlett talks in more detail about the operation.
