```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A sophisticated cannabis factory has been discovered by Northamptonshire Police after a warrant was executed in Wellingborough yesterday (Thursday, December 17).
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis factory discovered after warrant executed in Wellingborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/cannabis-factory-discovered-after-warrant-executed-in-wellingborough/
publish:
  date: 13:27 18/12/2020
title: Cannabis factory discovered after warrant executed in Wellingborough | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/cannabis-factory-discovered-after-warrant-executed-in-wellingborough/
```

A sophisticated cannabis factory has been discovered by Northamptonshire Police after a warrant was executed in Wellingborough yesterday (Thursday, December 17).

Wellingborough Neighbourhood Policing Team, supported by Response officers, carried out the warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Act at an address in the town's Colwell Road.

Officers discovered a total of 57 large mature cannabis plants which were spread across three floors of the terraced house. There were no arrests.

Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Chris Stevens, said: "This warrant was executed following concerns from members of the public about the activities taking place at the house.

"This included people coming and going at all times of the day and night and the sounds and smells coming from the address, without this information we wouldn't be able to have taken this action.

"Community intelligence has been absolutely key in the discovery of this cannabis factory so first of all, I would like to thank those people for reporting and helping us tackle this issue.

"Cannabis factories can blight an area and no one should feel miserable about where they live and having a factory of this nature in your local area really brings down a neighbourhood.

"Landlords should also be aware cannabis factories cause thousands of pounds worth of damage to a property and the impact on them financially is huge as they will bear the cost of the clean-up and repair.

"I would encourage both members of the public and landlords to take a look at the signs below and let us know of anything suspicious which may indicate a cannabis factory is being set up or in operation, so we can take it down and prosecute those responsible for setting it up."

**Signs:**

• Curtains and windows closed and drawn, even in hot weather
• Strange comings and goings from the address with vehicles attending very late at night
• Smells coming from the address that could indicate cannabis is being grown
• Light coming from roof spaces or leaking through the building in odd places
• Sounds of fans constantly running in the address
• Cables running to and from lampposts nearby
• Rubbish bags full of garden related waste.
• Occupants and visitors who are rarely seen, except at odd hours of the day.
• Condensation on the windows
• Copious amounts of fertiliser being taken to the address at odd times

**Advice to landlords:**

• Be mindful of the need to conduct regular inspections of the properties you are letting out
• Be sure you are happy with the identity of the tenants before you let out the address and confirm they are the people living there and not sub-letting

Anyone who has any concerns about their local community are encourage to report these to Northamptonshire Police on 101 or online at www.northants.police.uk. Or if they prefer to remain anonymous, via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
