```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Officers join local residents at an array of family fun days.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Neighbourhood teams out in force at community events
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/neighbourhood-teams-out-in-force-at-community-events/
publish:
  date: 14:35 17/07/2019
title: Neighbourhood teams out in force at community events | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/neighbourhood-teams-out-in-force-at-community-events/
```

With the summer season in full swing, members of the Corby, Kettering and Rural Neighbourhood Policing Teams have been out in force attending community events across the north of the county.

On Saturday (July 13) Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Christine Cotter joined local residents at two Kettering family fun day events in Highfield Road Park and The Green Patch in the town's Valley Walk.

PCSO Cotter was joined by colleagues from Kettering Fire Station for the Highfield Road Park Fun Day, where they spoke to visitors and shared crime prevention and fire safety advice.

While younger members of the community had the opportunity to sit in one of the Northamptonshire Police patrol cars and give the blue and twos a quick blast as well as have their photo taken.

In the afternoon, PCSO Cotter joined visitors at The Green Patch Family Fun Day, where there were lots of stalls to promote the community garden project services, refreshments, and small petting area with rabbits and chickens.

PCSO Cotter said: "It was great to be able to support both community events and have the opportunity to join in the fun, speak to so many local residents, and pass on safety information and advice.

"It was also good to catch up with Amy from The Green Patch, a community garden project, which provides an invaluable services to local families providing activities such as a holiday club and assisting with cooking skills."

The Green Patch event was part of the annual Kettering arts, culture and music festival - KettFest. PCSO Christine Duggan joined PCSO Cotter at this event before she headed to the Braybrooke Fete.

It was also a jam-packed weekend for the neighbourhood team in Corby with PC Brad Smith and Special Constable Ross Ferguson joining in with the activities at the Corby Carnival in West Glebe Park.

The team were also in attendance at the Corby Highland Gathering at Charter Field in Corby Old Village as well as joined thousands of visitors for the first Rockingham Castle Food & Drink Fair.

PCSO Jason Parish was on duty on Sunday (July 14) afternoon at the Gretton Fun Day at the village's Recreation Ground in Kirby Road. He was joined by Suzanne Preston from Corby Borough Council's Community Safety Partnership.

In addition to picking up lots of Community Safety Partnership goodies and crime prevention tips, visitors also had the chance to climb aboard a Northamptonshire Police cell van.

PCSO Parish added: "The cell van was a popular as ever with children, and adults, eager to climb inside. Some were even brave enough to ask for the door to be closed!

"The event was well attended and the weather held, making for a really good day with plenty of opportunity to engage with members of the local community, both young and old."

While on Monday (July 15), PCSO Margaret Lawson was invited to join staff from the Pen Green Centre in Corby, and local families and children who use the service for a day out at East Carlton Country Park.

PCSO Lawson said: "I am the police liaison officer at the Pen Green Centre, so it was really lovely to be asked to join the staff, children and their families on their day out."

There was plenty of fun games and activities for everyone to join in, however as always the opportunity to sit in PCSO Lawson's patrol car went down very well, with not only the children, but the adults too.
