```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A Northamptonshire Police officer who was in the job for just six months when he bravely rescued a woman from a burning building has been nominated for The National Police Bravery Awards.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rookie police officer nominated for bravery award
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/rookie-police-officer-nominated-for-bravery-award/
publish:
  date: 10:33 24/09/2020
title: Rookie police officer nominated for bravery award | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/rookie-police-officer-nominated-for-bravery-award/
```

A Northamptonshire Police officer who was in the job for just six months when he bravely rescued a woman from a burning building has been nominated for The National Police Bravery Awards.

On October 25, 2018, PC Taylor Ladner - a Student Constable at the time, was deployed to an incident in Wellingborough where reports suggested that a woman was assaulting a man inside a house. When PC Ladner arrived on the scene however, he found the house engulfed in flames.

Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service were called but PC Ladner realised that time was against him and he made the brave decision to enter the property himself.

Battling against smoke, heat and fire, PC Ladner managed to rescue a woman, who was intent on dying inside the property, dragging her out of the building and ultimately saving her life.

A woman was later convicted of arson in connection with the incident and sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, suspended for 24 months, 25 days rehabilitation and a six-month alcohol rehabilitation course.

Northamptonshire Police Federation Chairman Sam Dobbs said the rescue was remarkable especially given PC Ladner had such little policing experience under his belt at the time of the incident.

"He was alone on arrival, with no immediate backup and before the fire service arrived," Sam said.

"In the finest traditions of policing and in line with our force strapline - fighting crime and protecting people - Taylor placed his own safety behind that of the member of the public, despite knowing that she intended to harm herself and was being physically uncooperative.

"Taylor showed exemplary courage without recklessness. He is a very worthy nominee for the Awards, given the circumstances and his experience at the time."

The National Police Bravery Awards honour officers from across England and Wales who have performed outstanding acts of bravery while on or off duty.

As a nominee, PC Ladner will attend a prestigious daytime reception and evening awards ceremony in London in July 2021.
