```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: 'Last week we launched #Citadel, a unique, Kettering-based pilot project which uses a whole-system approach to help tackle the deep-seated problems associated with drug and alcohol addiction.'
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'A great start for new Kettering-based project, #Citadel'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/a-great-start-for-new-kettering-based-project-citadel/
publish:
  date: 14:35 20/07/2020
title: 'A great start for new Kettering-based project, #Citadel | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/a-great-start-for-new-kettering-based-project-citadel/
```

Last week we launched #Citadel, a unique, Kettering-based pilot project which uses a whole-system approach to help tackle the deep-seated problems associated with drug and alcohol addiction.

The project aims to help and support the town's most vulnerable people with anticipated, far-reaching benefits for the whole of Kettering.

Throughout the past week, officers have carried out introductory visits to a number of vulnerable people to offer help and support. These members of the community will continue to be visited over the coming months with further offers of support to assist them in moving away from dependency of substances.

High-visibility police patrols have taken place in key areas of the town known to have issues with drugs and anti-social behaviour. One person has been arrested for a burglary offence and is currently on bail.

After seeing details of the launch, Accommodation Concern, Kettering expressed their interest in the project which they will now be supporting.

The work will continue to be intelligence-led to help solve vulnerabilities which are born out of drug addiction, along with linked problems like crime, anti-social behaviour and harm to the environment.

Detective Superintendent Lee McBride, who is the force lead for tackling Serious Organised Crime, said: "This is a great start to an exciting new project and we're seeing fantastic support from partner agencies. This way of working is the foundation of #Citadel - it has to be a whole-system effort in order to be successful.

"I am positive that by working together to get to the root-causes of vulnerabilities caused by drug and alcohol addiction and tackling those, the project will have far-reaching benefits. As I have said before we can't arrest our way out of these complex issues.

"Once again I appeal to the people of Kettering to join us in ensuring the success of the project by sharing information about anybody they know with drugs-related vulnerabilities, by calling us on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 080 555 111. I'd like to build on and harness the generosity of spirit displayed by our communities during the COVID-19 pandemic and the desire shown to support those within our communities who need help."

In the video, Mike Greenway, Gangs Strategy Partnership lead, talks about the project.
