```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A judge has jailed a Kettering man for five years after CCTV showed he had dumped a converted handgun as he fled the scene of a car crash in the town.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five year sentence for Kettering man found to be in possession of a firearm
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/five-year-sentence-for-kettering-man-found-to-be-in-possession-of-a-firearm/
publish:
  date: 17:15 23/12/2020
title: Five year sentence for Kettering man found to be in possession of a firearm | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/five-year-sentence-for-kettering-man-found-to-be-in-possession-of-a-firearm/
```

A judge has jailed a Kettering man for five years after CCTV showed he had dumped a converted handgun as he fled the scene of a car crash in the town.

Barry Toghill, aged 35, of Carrington Street, had been a passenger in a white SEAT spotted by police at about 4am on August 22.

The car crashed in Silver Street and four men were seen on CCTV leaving the scene with one of them - Toghill - placing an object under the vehicle, something which turned out to be a blank firing pistol that had been altered so the obstruction barrel had been removed making it a viable firearm.

The weapon was later forensically linked to the defendant by DNA.

Northampton Crown Court was told that while Toghill initially told police he had found the weapon, he later changed his account.

Toghill was handed a 12-month suspended sentence shortly before the lockdown in March 2020.

Sentencing Toghill to five years for possession of a firearm, Her Honour Judge Rebecca Crane said she accepted his remorse, however she had no alternative but to hand him the mandatory minimum sentence for possessing a gun.

The court was told Toghill, who had a previous conviction for Class A drugs offences, had been handed a 12-month suspended sentence shortly before the lockdown in March 2020. This has now been re-activated meaning the defendant will serve a further six months on top of the five-year term.

Toghill will spend half of it in custody with the remainder on licence. An order was imposed to destroy the firearm.
