```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Northamptonshire\u2019s Stop &amp; Search Working Group has announced Gilly Anglin-Jarrett as its volunteer co-chair."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stop &amp; Search Working Group co-chair appointed
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/stop--search-working-group-co-chair-appointed/
publish:
  date: 10:21 15/07/2020
title: Stop &amp; Search Working Group co-chair appointed | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/stop--search-working-group-co-chair-appointed/
```

Northamptonshire's Stop & Search Working Group has announced Gilly Anglin-Jarrett as its volunteer co-chair.

The Stop & Search Working Group is a vital community forum attended by members of the community from across Northamptonshire, working together with police leaders to review and hold the Force to account in its use of stop and search and improve the force's ethical, proportionate use of the tool.

In June, an advertisement was placed online for a volunteer co-chair to work alongside the police chair, Superintendent Dennis Murray, to deliver the aims of the group and hold the Force to account.

After a number of applications were submitted, Gilly Anglin-Jarrett was appointed.

Throughout her career, Gilly has chaired local, regional and national committees including the Northants Race and Equality Council. She has been a member of the Police Missing Children Multi-Agency Committee and has over 20 years' involvement with the Wellingborough African Caribbean Association.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "Northamptonshire Police is committed to working with the community to ensure that the force uses stop & search powers in an effective and ethical way, and are accountable and open to scrutiny in the use of these powers.

"I'm really pleased to see Gilly join the Stop & Search Working Group as our new co-chair. She brings a wealth of experience to the role and will act as a strong advocate for the fair and proportionate use of stop & search."

Gilly Anglin-Jarrett, said: "I am very passionate about building up trust to ensure our communities have a better relationship with the police and I want to use my experiences as a member of the community to help all community members and community groups to improve their understanding about the impact of stop and search.

"As well as chairing the meetings and representing the group publicly, I will ensure that the Force is challenged constructively on its use of stop & search powers to ensure it is always used fairly and proportionately."
