```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Great achievement for Castle Fields members.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wellingborough Street Watch volunteers win national award
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/wellingborough-street-watch-volunteers-win-national-award/
publish:
  date: 18:59 20/10/2019
title: Wellingborough Street Watch volunteers win national award | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/wellingborough-street-watch-volunteers-win-national-award/
```

Congratulations to the Castle Fields Street Watch team who won a national award on Tuesday (October 15) for improving safety and bringing communities together in Wellingborough.

The team of volunteers, which carries out patrols twice a week to help tackle fly tipping, drug dealing, burglary and anti-social behaviour, were among the 10 winners who were honoured at this year's Lord Ferrers Awards.

They were nominated for the award by Northamptonshire Police in recognition of their continued support, which has helped reduce crime and improve the look and feel of the Castle Fields area.

Since 2018, the team has organised weekly litter picks and monthly clean-ups, and as a result have collected more than a thousand bags of rubbish and removed fly-tipped items off the streets.

Northamptonshire Police Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov, who attended the event, said: "We are absolutely delighted for all the Castle Fields Street Watch volunteers - this award is thoroughly deserved.

"Street Watch schemes are important to the Force as they enable the local policing teams to build a good working relationship with the community, and encourage people to report crimes which usually go unreported.

"The volunteers selflessly give up hundreds of hours to support their local policing team, and it is only fitting that they have received national recognition for their outstanding contribution and commitment to improving their local community."

Members of Castle Fields Street Watch were presented with their Police Support Volunteer Team award at a special ceremony held in London, and attended by the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire Kit Malthouse.

Mr Malthouse said: "Volunteers are highly valued members of the policing family. They bring different skills to the police service and give up their time to serve the public and help protect their communities. I am delighted to recognise Street Watch for the contribution they have made to policing - they are committed to making a difference in Wellingborough."

The Lord Ferrers Awards - which is in its 26th year - celebrates the contributions of police support volunteers, Special Constables, volunteer police cadets, and volunteers supporting the work of police and crime commissioners.

Castle Fields Street Watch Co-ordinator in Wellingborough, Marion Turner-Hawes said: "We were amazed to hear our names being called out and are delighted to bring this award back to Northamptonshire.

"We love Wellingborough and want to see our community thrive, so we volunteer to make a difference, and the feedback from the police, our community and this award clearly shows we are making a positive difference. This is fantastic since we are just a group of ordinary residents.

"I would like to take this opportunity to say thank you to the many people and organisations which support us in our work, this is indeed a real community team effort.

"Street Watch is an amazing way to support the community and get to know your neighbourhood. It works well in rural as well as town areas and we are always looking for more volunteers to help make our communities safer.

"If you're interested in joining us or in setting up your own Street Watch Group we and the local police would love to hear from you - you may even end up getting an award like us."

For further information about how to join a Street Watch scheme contact the Northamptonshire Police Specials and Volunteers Co-ordination Team [how? Can we include contact details?] or speak to a member of your local policing team.

ENDS
