```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Response officers and Neighbourhood Policing Team to be based at Corby Cube from September.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New police office base to open in Corby
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/new-police-office-base-to-open-in-corby/
publish:
  date: 10:31 19/08/2019
title: New police office base to open in Corby | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/new-police-office-base-to-open-in-corby/
```

A new office base in the Corby Cube for Northamptonshire Police will mean local Response officers will be spending more time in and around the town from next month.

From September 20, Response officers will use the facilities at the Corby Cube in George Street, in a move which will see the town's Neighbourhood Policing Team also relocate from Deene House.

Corby Cube already houses the Police Enquiry Desk on the first floor of the council building, which is open for the public to visit and get advice, report incidents and traffic collisions or enquire about property amongst other things.

The new office base will bring the town's policing resources under one roof in a central location, which will help to increase both the responsiveness and visibility of officers in Corby and surrounding villages.

This will also mean that Response officers will be able to complete any office-based work in Corby without having to return to the Force's Northern Accommodation Building in Kettering during their shift.

The office base is part of Chief Constable Nick Adderley's new policing model to reshape the Force to improve its efficiency and effectiveness, as well as respond to changing circumstances and crime patterns in the county.

Mr Adderley said: "Our aim is to ensure all of our police bases across the county are best placed within our communities, so that we can most effectively fight crime and protect people in Northamptonshire.

"The office base is a step in the right direction and I am sure will be welcomed by the people of Corby.

"The increased visibility of officers will not only help to improve public confidence and reassurance within the town, but will also deter those who continue to blight our communities by committing crime and causing anti-social behaviour."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, said: "This is a positive move which will enable Response officers to remain in and around Corby between incidents and while carrying out related tasks.

"The office base is part of the Chief Constable's plans to reshape the Force and comes from our shared desire to make sure Northamptonshire Police is visible and accessible in the communities it serves but at the same time, able to respond effectively.

"I will always prioritise investing in frontline staff rather than maintaining buildings because our people - not our buildings - keep the public safe.

"In the longer term, we will see a joint police and fire hub on the site of the fire station that give Corby a true response and neighbourhood base that supports the delivery of high-quality services to the public and is also efficient and affordable.

The move to the Corby Cube will be an interim one while work takes place to create a new joint police and fire hub on the site of the town's existing Corby Fire Station in Phoenix Parkway.
