```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is warning the public that they will be fined if they flout the Covid-19 restrictions this New Year as Northamptonshire is moved into the highest tier.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Please respect the rules as Northamptonshire moves into Tier 4
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/please-respect-the-rules-as-northamptonshire-moves-into-tier-4/
publish:
  date: 09:30 31/12/2020
title: Please respect the rules as Northamptonshire moves into Tier 4 | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/please-respect-the-rules-as-northamptonshire-moves-into-tier-4/
```

Northamptonshire Police is warning the public that they will be fined if they flout the Covid-19 restrictions this New Year as Northamptonshire is moved into the highest tier.

An announcement made yesterday in the House of Commons saw Northamptonshire placed into Tier 4 as of 12.01am today (Thursday, December 31).

This means that people must not leave or be outside of their homes or gardens except where they have a 'reasonable excuse'. A full list of what you can and cannot do in Tier 4 can be found at Tier 4: Stay at Home - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk).

With cases of Covid-19 rising to record levels across the whole country and hospitals stretched with the number of patients coming through their doors, police officers are encouraging the public to follow the rules or risk enforcement action being taken in order to keep the county safe.

Anyone who decides to break the rules and hold a party on New Years' Eve faces being fined.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, said: "We have continued to enforce the regulations proportionately throughout this pandemic and during the weeks leading up to the Christmas holidays, I was very clear that we would not be turning a blind eye to people who decided to put others at risk by holding parties and gatherings.

"We issued several £10,000 fines to those who organised large gatherings, along with £200 fines for those attending them, and we will continue to take this approach with regards to anyone blatantly flouting the rules.

"The vast majority of people across Northamptonshire continue to act responsibly however, a small minority continue to spoil it for everyone else."

Over the past couple of months, officers have seen many instances where they have had to disperse parties, only for those individuals to move to another location and continue the party.

Superintendent Foskett, added: "If you are the kind of person who decides to put others at risk with irresponsible behaviour, you can expect us to take the appropriate action.

"We need everyone to play their part and protect the NHS - this is more important now than ever before, due to the alarming rise in infections. And for those people who decide to endanger the lives of others by holding parties and get-togethers on New Year's Eve, you can expect a visit from us and you can expect to receive hefty a fine."
