```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Help us to improve road safety! That is the message from Northamptonshire Police after more than 360 motoring offences were detected in the county during the first month of the Force\u2019s road safety campaign."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Journey detects more than 360 motoring offences across Northamptonshire in first month
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/operation-journey-detects-more-than-360-motoring-offences-across-northamptonshire-in-first-month/
publish:
  date: 13:11 17/11/2020
title: Operation Journey detects more than 360 motoring offences across Northamptonshire in first month | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/operation-journey-detects-more-than-360-motoring-offences-across-northamptonshire-in-first-month/
```

Help us to improve road safety! That is the message from Northamptonshire Police after more than 360 motoring offences were detected in the county during the first month of the Force's road safety campaign.

The Force launched Operation Journey on October 5, in a bid to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the county's road after 42 lost their lives in Northamptonshire last year.

Led by the road policing teams, officers from across the Force have held a number of week of actions, focussing on different road users to help improve the standard of driving in the county.

During the first four weeks (October 5-31) of the campaign, 366 motoring offences were detected in the county, 64 vehicles seized and 19 people arrested, which has prompted officers to renew their message to motorists.

Detective Inspector Tony Kennedy of Northamptonshire Police's Operation Team, said: "Every person who dies or is seriously injured on our roads is one too many and we must not forget that behind each statistic is a grieving family or someone coming to terms with a life changing injury.

"Road safety is the responsibility of everyone, and although the majority of people use our roads safely, there is a minority who still choose to put their own lives and that of others at risk by using our roads irresponsibly and illegally.

"To improve road safety, we need to change how our roads are used by challenging the behaviour of those who think they are above the law. However, we cannot do this on our own, and we need everyone to play their part to help save lives."

In the first four weeks of Operation Journey, the main offences detected were:

• 112 driving without valid insurance
• 74 non-wearing of seat belts
• 35 driving otherwise in accordance with a licence
• 28 driving while not in proper control of a vehicle
• 22 defective tyres
• 17 using a mobile phone behind the wheel
• 15 dangerous loads

Those flouting the law have been reported for the offences and will be offered the opportunity to take an online education course if eligible, receive a fixed penalty fine or if preferred, the option to go to court.

In addition to the motoring offences, 104 words of advice were issued to motorists, a further 71 vehicles were seized (47 for no insurance and 24 for no licence), and nine people arrested - five for driving while disqualified and four for driving while over the prescribed alcohol limit.

Last year in Northamptonshire, 42 people were killed and a further 347 seriously injured (KSI) on the county's road network - the highest number recorded in eight years - which is why reducing the number of KSIs remains a policing priority.

ENDS
