```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Northamptonshire have had another successful week with eighteen warrants executed across the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Another day, another door in Northamptonshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/another-day-another-door-in-northamptonshire/
publish:
  date: 11:20 24/07/2020
title: Another day, another door in Northamptonshire | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/another-day-another-door-in-northamptonshire/
```

* **Eighteen warrants executed in Northamptonshire this week**
 * **Twelve arrests**
 * **Weapons, drugs and cash seized**
 * **Vulnerable people safeguarded**
 * **" Paranoia is beginning to creep in. All the drug dealers will now be wondering - will it be my door next?"**

Police officers in Northamptonshire have had another successful week with eighteen warrants executed across the county.

In Kettering, five warrants linked to a single County Line resulted in six arrests, three of whom have been charged and remanded.

In Corby, one warrant linked to the exportation of MDMA to the USA was executed in partnership with our colleagues in Border Force. Over £65,000 was seized and one arrest was made.

In Wellingborough, three warrants were executed with a number of weapons seized and safeguarding measures put in place for vulnerable people found inside the addresses.

In Northampton, three warrants were executed, resulting in the seizure of Class A drugs, Class B drugs and cash. One arrest was made and a further safeguarding measure for a vulnerable person was put in place.

A further three fail to appear warrants were also executed in the town, resulting in all three people being held for court.

Finally, two warrants were executed in Daventry and one was executed in Towcester. Cannabis was seized at all three addresses and one arrest was made.

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly, said: "It has been another successful week for our teams in Northamptonshire who are demonstrating with force that this county is not a place where it's easy to operate a criminal enterprise from.

"A lot of the people we have arrested and charged as part of these warrants have falsely been under the impression for some time that their activity has gone under the radar.

"This couldn't be further from the truth. We know a lot more about them than they'd like to think and paranoia is now beginning to creep in. All the drug dealers will now be wondering - will it be my door next?

"My message to these drug dealers is simple - we may not have gone through your door this week, and we may not even go through it next week, but we are watching you, make no mistake about that, and eventually we will catch up with you and bring you to justice."

Northamptonshire Police is able to execute these warrants for two reasons. The first is the incredible work of our Force Intelligence Bureau.

The second is because of our community who regularly pass us information regarding suspicious activity in their area. If you have any information you think could be linked to drug dealing, please contact us in confidence on 101. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
