```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police has enacted rarely used legislation to secure a warrant to search the home of a registered sex offender.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force enacts seldom used legislation to search home of registered sex offender
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/force-enacts-seldom-used-legislation-to-search-home-of-registered-sex-offender/
publish:
  date: 15:07 23/12/2020
title: Force enacts seldom used legislation to search home of registered sex offender | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/force-enacts-seldom-used-legislation-to-search-home-of-registered-sex-offender/
```

Northamptonshire Police has enacted rarely used legislation to secure a warrant to search the home of a registered sex offender.

The legislation enables officers to search addresses of sex offenders where the subject refuses entry.

The warrant was applied for in court on Monday (December 21) and yesterday (December 22), officers gained entry to the Northampton address and searched for evidence the man was complying with the terms of his Sex Offender Notification Requirements.

The photos show officers searching the address and the subject placed in handcuffs during the search.

The same team later charged and remanded another Northampton man who had failed to adhere to the conditions imposed by the Sex Offences Act.

Detective Superintendent Rich Tompkins, head of Public Protection, said: "This is a useful piece of legislation which enables us to robustly manage sex offenders in order to assess any risk they pose to the public.

"Yesterday, I attended court to secure the warrant and today, officers from the Management of Sexual or Violent Offenders) MOSOSVO team forced entry to the address.

"They carried out a thorough search of the property for any evidence there were breaches of the man's sexual harm prevention order - if there were, he would have been recalled to prison.

"This force takes a tough stance in its management of sex offenders and these warrants enable us to manage them robustly and effectively safeguard our communities in the process.

"Even though the work of the MOSOVO team is necessarily discreet and of a sensitive nature, the public can rest assured we clamp down hard on anybody failing to comply.

"My message to this county's registered sex offenders is a simple one: Open the door or we'll open it for you."

** **
