```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Killed and seriously injured (KSI) figures released for 2018
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fatalities on Northamptonshire roads fall in 2018
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/fatalities-on-northamptonshire-roads-fall-in-2018/
publish:
  date: 11:30 13/06/2019
title: Fatalities on Northamptonshire roads fall in 2018 | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/fatalities-on-northamptonshire-roads-fall-in-2018/
```

The number of killed and seriously injured (KSI) casualties on Northamptonshire roads in 2018 was the second lowest since records began in 1960.

Overall KSI figures increased by just nine from 279 casualties in 2017 to 288 last year, while the number of people killed on the county's roads fell by almost 30 per cent from 44 to 31 in the same period.

While reported injury collisions have fallen from 1068 in 2017 to 1041 last year, casualties who sustained slight injuries increased from 1095 to 1172, and seriously injured figures rose by 22 to 257.

Despite this, road safety in Northamptonshire has improved significantly over the last 20 years with more traffic making our county road networks busier than ever before.

A countywide partnership between Northamptonshire Police, Northamptonshire Fire & Rescue Service, The Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner and Northamptonshire Highways representing Northamptonshire County Council was set up last November.

The Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance (NSRA) brings key partners together to work on initiatives which aim to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured and make the county's roads safer.

Chair of NSRA, Chief Superintendent Mick Stamper, said: "To see the number of people killed on our roads fall last year is very encouraging, and reflects the hard work of all the partners involved in keeping our county roads safe.

"However every person who dies on our roads is one too many and we must not forget that behind each statistic is a grieving family or someone coming to terms with a life changing injury.

"We understand this and are working hard to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured in Northamptonshire, by focusing on the fatal four - speeding, drink-driving, not wearing a seatbelt and using a mobile phone at the wheel.

"Through education and enforcement, the Safer Roads Alliance will continue to run campaigns and operations to reinforce this message. However we cannot do this on our own as it is only road users who can change their driving behaviour."

Statistics show young drivers (aged 16-25) and working drivers are more likely to be involved in a collision than other road users, therefore these are the two groups the NSRA has chosen to concentrate on working with in its first year.
