```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201COur message to drug dealers couldn\u2019t be clearer at this point \u2013 we are coming for you.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Another day, another door \u2013 cops on the west execute nearly 60 warrants in less than two months"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/another-day-another-door--cops-on-the-west-execute-nearly-60-warrants-in-less-than-two-months/
publish:
  date: 09:06 28/08/2020
title: "Another day, another door \u2013 cops on the west execute nearly 60 warrants in less than two months | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/another-day-another-door--cops-on-the-west-execute-nearly-60-warrants-in-less-than-two-months/
```

* **59 warrants executed in less than two months**
 * **Large quantities of Class A and B drugs seized**
 * **Police Superintendent 's message to drug dealers - "Make no mistake, we know a lot more about you than you'd like to think, and we are coming for you."** ** _ _**

"Our message to drug dealers couldn't be clearer at this point - we are coming for you."

That's the message from the man in charge of policing west Northamptonshire as his team execute 59 warrants in less than two months with multiple arrests and charges secured for a variety of offences.

Superintendent Kev Mulligan is the new man in town and he is determined to make sure every drug dealer in the west worries when they hear a knock at their door.

At the beginning of August, officers executed a warrant in Westone Avenue. A large cannabis factory was discovered inside with more than 320 plants seized. Tri Manh Duong, 28, of Westone Avenue, has since been charged with producing cannabis in connection with the raid.

On August 12, Neighbourhood Policing Team officers obtained a closure order at Northampton Magistrates' Court for a property in St James which was linked to drugs. A vulnerable woman was also safeguarded as a result of their work.

On August 13, officers executed a warrant in the area of Spencer. A quantity of Class A drugs were seized and a vulnerable woman inside the property was also safeguarded as a result.

On August 20, a warrant was executed at an address in St Crispin's. Class B drugs were recovered from within and a man was also arrested in connection with the find.

On August 22, officers witnessed a suspected drug deal taking place in a car in the Semilong area. They stopped the car and a quantity of cannabis was discovered. A man was subsequently arrested on suspicion of Possession with Intent to Supply Class B drugs.

On August 25, another cannabis factory was discovered and dismantled in Brookside Meadows, Kings Heath, where officers found the Class B drug being grown on the first floor of the property. A 50-year-old man was arrested in connection with the find.

And it's not just drugs in which officers have achieved good results on the west.

In recent weeks. officers dealt with an incident in Daventry where two children were abducted by a person known to them. They worked quickly and efficiently to track down the man who had taken the children and he was subsequently arrested him on suspicion of assault and abduction.

On Monday, August 24, two young children went missing in a densely wooded area in Northampton. A very swift response meant that both children were thankfully found safe and well.

On August 26, Ricky Lee Scarley, 41, of Old Quarry Court, was charged in connection with a burglary earlier on this month at All Saints' Church in George Row, when a man walked in and stole a quantity of livestreaming equipment.

And on the same day, 38-year-old Adam Tiwary, of No Fixed Abode, was charged with nine burglary offences after a number of incidents across Northampton including burglaries at McDonalds, the Old Bank pub and Papa Chinos.

Superintendent Kev Mulligan, said: "The energy from our cops at the moment is so high and that's reflected in the brilliant work that is happening on an hourly basis, only some of which is reflected here.

"To have executed nearly 60 warrants in less than two months is an incredible feat and I want to pay tribute to Sergeant Beth Curlett and her team who have been doing a lot of this work on the ground.

"It's particularly important that we have been safeguarding vulnerable individuals as well as enforcing against those who take advantage of them.

"Drug dealers are cowards - they use vulnerable people to do their dirty work while they sit there counting their money. It is these people we are after and these people we have been targeting through our warrants.

"We have seen an increase in the amount of community intelligence we are being provided and drug users and dealers are making comments about the increased enforcement - this is excellent news, they are noticing.

"Our message to drug dealers couldn't be clearer at this point and they know it - make no mistake, we know a lot more about you than you'd like to think, and we are coming for you.

"Every knock on your door, every noise outside your house - be paranoid, because one day it will be us outside with a big red key."
