```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: 'An important campaign called #CutItOut, created to help tackle domestic abuse is set to return with a Facebook Live session this Wednesday, March 3 at 4.30pm.'
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '#CutItOut is back! Campaign to tackle domestic abuse returns with Facebook Live session'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/cutitout-is-back-campaign-to-tackle-domestic-abuse-returns-with-facebook-live-session/cutitout-is-back-campaign-to-tackle-domestic-abuse-returns-with-facebook-live-session/
publish:
  date: 11:15 02/03/2021
title: '#CutItOut is back! Campaign to tackle domestic abuse returns with Facebook Live session | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/cutitout-is-back-campaign-to-tackle-domestic-abuse-returns-with-facebook-live-session/cutitout-is-back-campaign-to-tackle-domestic-abuse-returns-with-facebook-live-session/
```

An important campaign called #CutItOut, created to help tackle domestic abuse is set to return with a Facebook Live session tomorrow (Wednesday, March 3) at 4.30pm.

A countywide roadshow of training sessions was paused because of Covid restrictions but has been adapted for virtual delivery on the Force's Facebook site @northantspolice

The #CutItOut campaign was developed to offer hair and beauty professionals, who are perfectly placed to help victims, advice and guidance on how to spot the signs of abuse and how to refer people to get help.

Domestic abuse has increased by 13% in Northamptonshire since the first lockdown and it has never been more important to recognise the signs and signpost those affected to help and support. Although #CutItOut was developed to target the beauty industry, other professionals are invited to tomorrow's session - including doctors, nurses, vets, or anybody still in personal contact with the general public.

Chief Constable Nick Adderley will be introducing the event and the session will be led by Chief Inspector Julie Mead, PCSO Nadia Norman and Stacey Fotheringham.

CI Julie Mead said: "When the campaign was first launched, I was the force's lead for domestic abuse. It's something I have been passionate about for many years, having dealt with some harrowing cases in my 28 years of service.

"When Nadia approached me with the idea, I was instantly drawn to making it happen. The beauty industry is unique as it's a personal service, you get to know and trust your hairdresser, beauty technician or therapist and we tend to go back to the same service provider, so over the months and years that bond and that trust grows.

"This is why the beauty industry has a key part to play in cutting out domestic abuse. I found my own hairdresser Stacey almost 17 years ago and her story is incredibly inspiring. Even if we help one person through our campaign, then it's worth it."

PCSO Nadia Norman, who first floated the idea of a targeted campaign in 2019, said: "I decided to do some research because I was working with domestic abuse victims and at the same time, a close family member disclosed years of controlling and coercive behaviour.

"All of them described how they had wished someone had just asked them if they were okay or been confident enough to ask what was going on. It can be that simple. They believed it would have been the first step to feeling supported and validating their experiences and feelings.

"Through my research, I contacted Rochdale County Council - they also have a campaign called "Cut it Out." I contacted Norfolk Constabulary too. They had organised their own awareness sessions following the murder of Kerri McAuley, tragically killed at the hands of her former partner. Both Rochdale and Norfolk were amazing and shared all their information for us to develop, and I was put in touch with Kerri's hairdresser, Annie McAuley and Lesley, her mother, who were amazingly supportive of our plans from the beginning."

Corby hairdresser, Stacey Fotheringham has personal experience of domestic abuse. She said: "Julie asked me if I would be prepared to be part of the campaign. I have been her hairdresser for 15 years and she knew about my life growing up, experiencing domestic violence as a child. My immediate answer was yes! I'm honoured to be included and as Julie has said, if I can help just one person through my involvement, then it's more than worth it."

Tomorrow's session has been developed with the help of NDAS, CPS, Mankind, Eve, Sunflower Centre, Women's Aid.

Though it is aimed at those in the beauty industry and NHS workers, _ALL ARE WELCOME._

Anybody with a question can contact CutItOut@northants.pnn.police.uk or leave it on the Force's Facebook page.
