```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A 39-year-old man with a history of stealing has been issued with an Anti-Social Behaviour Injunction (ASBI) by Northamptonshire Police.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anti-Social Behaviour Injunction imposed on Northampton man
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/anti-social-behaviour-injunction-imposed-on-northampton-man/
publish:
  date: 15:32 15/04/2020
title: Anti-Social Behaviour Injunction imposed on Northampton man | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/anti-social-behaviour-injunction-imposed-on-northampton-man/
```

A 39-year-old man with a history of stealing has been issued with an Anti-Social Behaviour Injunction (ASBI) by Northamptonshire Police.

Lee Robert Robins, 39, of Northampton, was recently imprisoned for stealing from a car in Northampton.

Following his release, enquiries by police officers from the Anti-Social Behaviour Team took place, and it became clear that Robbins' behaviour was so prolific that an ASBI would be appropriate to prevent further harm and distress to victims and the general public who were worried about their property being stolen.

On March 23, 2020, a two year Injunction Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, meaning Robbins is now forbidden to do the following:

1) Act in an anti-social manner, that is to say a manner that causes or is likely to cause nuisance, annoyance, harassment, alarm or distress to one or more persons.

2) Enter or be in the areas as outlined in red on the attached map except for pre-arranged appointments.

3) Possess or ride a pedal cycle of any description.

4) Possess any property belonging to another without the prior consent of the owner.

5) Enter or attempt to enter the yard, garden or driveway of any private dwelling without prior express permission of the owner.

6) Run or attempt to make off from any police officer or PCSO when requested to stop.

Robbin`s ASBI will remain in place until March 22, 2022 and any breach may result in a two-year prison sentence.

Anti-Social Behaviour Sergeant Wyn Hughes, said: "Lee Robbins went on many a crime spree across Northampton leaving members of the public scared for their possessions, their cars and their houses.

"I am pleased to see this two-year Injunction granted against him and I hope he uses this time to reflect on the choices he has previously made and make better ones."

Members of the public who witness Robbins breaching any of the above conditions should report the incident to Northamptonshire Police on 999 if in progress or 101 if the incident is not current.
