```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A teenager who became abusive after being ejected from a town centre night club in Kettering has been left counting the cost of his anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager fined after successful use of Section 50 power
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/teenager-fined-after-successful-use-of-section-50-power/
publish:
  date: 09:20 25/02/2020
title: Teenager fined after successful use of Section 50 power | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/teenager-fined-after-successful-use-of-section-50-power/
```

A teenager who became abusive after being ejected from a town centre night club in Kettering has been left counting the cost of his anti-social behaviour.

The 19-year-old started verbally abusing door staff and police officers after being ushered out of the club in Silver Street, in the early hours of Sunday, January 26.

After initially leaving the area, the teenager returned to the club and continued to cause a nuisance, leaving the officers with no other option than to issue him with a dispersal order.

The officers made a requirement that he should provide them with his name and address under Section 50 of the Police Reform Act 2002. However, despite several warnings that he would be arrested, he refused point blank, leaving them with no option but to take him into custody.

The teenager was charged under Section 50 of the Police Reform Act for failure to supply name and address while being anti-social when a police officer wanted to issue a dispersal order.

On Thursday, February 13, at Northampton Magistrates' Court, he pleaded guilty to refusing to provide his name and address to police officers, and was ordered to pay a total of £350 in fines and costs.

Sergeant Rob Offord of the North Local Policing Area, said: "Section 50 is one of those powers we rarely have to turn to, as most people will provide the police with their personal details when asked.

"However, this legislation allows officers to intervene at a much earlier stage, stopping more serious disorder or other offences from happening. In this case, it helped to prevent the situation descending into a fight or assault.

"This law is crucial to reassuring the public that officers will not only stop assaults on revellers on a night out, but also gives confidence to local licences who regularly have to eject people for causing issues in their premises.

"Through the successful use of Section 50 power, it means suspects of anti-social behaviour cannot go on believing that they can act outside of the law when causing alarm and distress to other innocent people."

Section 50 of the Police Reform Act 2002 provides police officers with the power to request a person's name and address, which aims to deal with offences under anti-social behaviour laws without the need to arrest.

As a result of his refusal to provide his name and address, the teenager committed an offence in itself.
