```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Fourteen cyclists from the Force will be riding 180-miles for COPS
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers unite to raise money for police charity
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/officers-unite-to-raise-money-for-police-charity/
publish:
  date: 12:50 17/06/2019
title: Officers unite to raise money for police charity | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/officers-unite-to-raise-money-for-police-charity/
```

Officers from Northamptonshire Police will once again be joining their colleagues from across the UK this summer to take part in an annual charity cycle ride - the Police Unity Tour.

Fourteen cyclists from the Force will be riding 180-miles from the National Police Memorial in Central London to the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire between July 26 and 28.

Now in its sixth year in the UK, the event raises money for Care of Police Survivors (COPS), which is a charity dedicated to helping the families of officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty to rebuild their lives.

PC Rob Stevens is the Force's ambassador for COPS and is cycling for the fourth time. He said: "It's a challenging event but very satisfying to know we've raised money for such a worthwhile cause and in memory of some incredible officers.

"While we recognise the dangers of policing, nobody expects to die in the line of duty. So when such a tragedy does occur, the charity aims to ensure the surviving family receives all the support and help they need, and remain part of the wider police family.

"We all receive a blue memorial bracelet inscribed with the name of a fallen officer, which we wear in their memory during the ride before handing it over to a member of their family.

"It is always emotional to find out about the person you are honouring, however when you get to meet their family, regardless of how tough you think you are, it gets very misty eyed indeed."

Joining the serving and retired Northamptonshire officers for this year's challenge will be Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner (PFCC) Stephen Mold and his Director for Early Intervention Nicci Marzec.

Stephen said: "I'm proud to be raising funds for COPS, which does such great work to support bereaved families. Last year I cycled from Ypres to Northampton, so I am up for the challenge of this ride and keeping me going will be the honour of riding in memory of a fallen police officer and raising money for those left behind."

Making up the Northamptonshire Police team are Chief Inspector Jon Lloyd, PS Simon Randall, Rachel Grey and Peter Ticehurst; PCs Lucy Sculthorpe, Ian Rudkin, Amanda Firth and James Vickery; PCSO Chris Asante-Ampaduh and retired officers Duncan Ward and Neil Cowley.

This year's event will be very poignant for the Northamptonshire team with Rachel and Lucy dedicating the ride in memory of friend and colleague, PC Jason Hill who tragically passed away at home on April 29.

For more information about the COPS charity visit www.ukpoliceunitytour.org
