```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Following the ceremony on Monday, June 10, where Chief Constable Nick Adderley presented five Northamptonshire Police PDs with warrant cards and collars engraved with new, unique collar numbers to mark Finn\u2019s Law \u2013 readers may have noticed that there was something a little more special about Bryn\u2019s."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special commemoration for police dog Bryn
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/special-commemoration-for-police-dog-bryn/
publish:
  date: 14:32 12/06/2019
title: Special commemoration for police dog Bryn | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/special-commemoration-for-police-dog-bryn/
```

Following the ceremony on Monday, June 10, where Chief Constable Nick Adderley presented five Northamptonshire Police PDs with warrant cards and collars engraved with new, unique collar numbers to mark Finn's Law - readers may have noticed that there was something a little more special about Bryn's.

As a commemoration to former PD Bryn and his handler, Ian Churms, current PD Bryn was assigned the number 163, the same collar number PC Churms was assigned during his time with the Force.

In 1998, PC Ian Churms and PD Bryn were called to an address in Irthlingborough following an emergency call to police. Ian attempted to negotiate with the offender, who was armed with a hunting rifle, but was shot in the leg. Shortly after, PD Bryn was fatally shot. A 42-year-old woman was also shot.

It was at the end of last year that a group of retired police officers and staff paid for a new trainee police dog to join the Force, named Bryn, in memory of his namesake.

On the decision to assign Bryn his collar number, Ian said: "When I heard that PD Bryn would have my collar number, I was totally amazed. It is such an honour to know he will be policing Northamptonshire with my PC number on his collar.

"Unfortunately I was unable to attend on the day, but I'm closely following PD Bryn's progress and am always impressed to see the progress he is making with his training. He really is living up to everything the previous PD Bryn was.

"I'm looking forward to seeing Bryn continue to grow and improve, and I am confident he will make an exceptional police dog for Northamptonshire Police."

## Chief Constable Nick Adderley, PC Sam Clark and PD Bryn

## Former PC Ian Churms and PD Bryn
