```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "TWO men have been arrested and a child has been safeguarded after police conducted five drugs warrants in St David\u2019s, Kingsthorpe - four of these simultaneously."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police smash organised crime gang in Northampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-smash-organised-crime-gang-in-northampton/
publish:
  date: 13:08 29/05/2020
title: Police smash organised crime gang in Northampton | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-smash-organised-crime-gang-in-northampton/
```

TWO men have been arrested and a child has been safeguarded after police conducted five drugs warrants in St David's, Kingsthorpe - four of these simultaneously.

As a result, a 19-year-old man has been charged with two counts of intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of Class B drugs. He has been remanded and will appear before Northampton Crown Court on Wednesday, July 1. Another 48-year-old man was arrested for possession of Class A drugs. He has been released under investigation. Both men are local to the area.

Thousands of pounds worth of Class A drugs were seized during the operation, which took place yesterday (Thursday, May 28), and a quantity of Class B drugs was seized from another address. During the operation, a child was safeguarded in liaison with social care.

Sergeant Beth Curlett, from the local neighbourhood policing team, who led the activity, said: "This operation was about the disruption of an organised crime gang which has plagued the community of St David's for some time. This particular gang have blighted the lives of those living in the area with drug dealing, violence and anti-social behaviour.

"The arrest of these two men means we have taken the ground back for the community and made it clear we will not tolerate their drug-dealing and violence. Yesterday was an extremely positive day for the locality and people saw first-hand we will take action against those who may well have thought they could get away with their abhorrent behaviour.

"Officers have been patrolling the area and reassuring the local community, alongside partners from Northamptonshire Partnership Homes, Neighbourhood Watch, Fire, the Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, youth workers and Northampton Borough Council's Community Safety team.

"The team have distributed more than 500 leaflets encouraging local residents to report information and crime to us while the Special Constabulary have contributed over 350 hours to this operation."

Neighbourhood officer, PC Louise O'Sullivan added: "My colleagues and I have worked relentlessly on this case for some time and as the local neighbourhood officer for this area, I would like to reassure the community this work will not stop and we will continue to recognise and respond to the needs of local people. We have a patrol plan in place and people will continue to see a visible policing presence in the area over the coming weeks."
