```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Raising awareness of youth services available to young people in Blackthorn
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community event highlights youth services
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/community-event-highlights-youth-services/
publish:
  date: 12:51 18/04/2019
title: Community event highlights youth services | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/community-event-highlights-youth-services/
```

Members of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team joined in a community event aimed at raising awareness of local youth services in Blackthorn on Tuesday (April 16).

Young people were able to drop-in to the Blackthorn Community Centre between 3pm and 7pm to find out more about the services available to them such as youth club, mentoring support and a new football coaching scheme.

As well as picking up information on these, they were also able to get involved in some fun activities, including art and music projects and street sports on the multi-use games area with Northampton Leisure Trust.

Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Wallace, said: "It was a really positive event to be involved with as there was a good turnout from local residents of all ages.

"There was a lot of interest from the young people about the new football project which I will be helping to set up in partnership with Northampton Borough Council in the next few weeks."

Those who attended the event were also offered information on CIRV (Community Initiative to Reduce Violence) project, which aims to reduce gang-related violent behaviour across the county.

All residents had the opportunity to have their bikes security marked, get advice on crime prevention, personal safety and housing as well as discuss any issues in their area with representatives from various organisations.

Northampton Borough Council and Free2Talk organised the event in partnership with the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, Northampton Partnership Homes and Veolia.

Young people interested in taking part in regular activities. Free2Talk runs a youth group on Mondays. Eight to 11-year-olds meet at the community centre at 4.30pm and 12-18 year-olds from 6.30pm.
