```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, Nick Adderley, has published his first annual report to recap the work he has overseen within the Force during his first 12 months in charge.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Chief Constable Nick Adderley\u2019s first annual report"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/chief-constable-nick-adderleys-first-annual-report/
publish:
  date: 09:00 06/08/2019
title: "Chief Constable Nick Adderley\u2019s first annual report | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/chief-constable-nick-adderleys-first-annual-report/
```

The Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, Nick Adderley, has published his first annual report to recap the work he has overseen within the Force during his first 12 months in charge.

Since joining the Force on August 6, 2018, Mr Adderley has introduced a set of six policing priorities under the mission statement of 'Fighting crime, protecting people' and has also embedded a wide range of changes to the way the organisation is run.

The idea behind producing an annual report is to bring together information about all these priorities and changes, to clearly show the Force's commitment to better serving the public.

Running through everything from the force restructure and police officer recruitment to operational successes and technological investment, the Chief Constable's report provides a wide-ranging snapshot of where the force is now, and where it is going, to allow those who live and work in Northamptonshire to better understand the challenges and successes of policing the county.

Mr Adderley said: "Looking back over these first 12 months as your Chief Constable, I am proud to have witnessed and heard about so many extraordinary successes which have made me genuinely proud to lead this Force.

"From my arrival I made it clear that I would be looking to address some of the challenges which Northamptonshire Police was facing. Many of these you will see in my report - some you will have heard about, others perhaps not. There is still some way to go and I don't shy away from that.

"Going into 2020, we need to further embed the changes and developments we have already made as well as accelerating to a new and improved way of working which will see an even closer alignment with communities and building those relationships which the public have said are important to them."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold added: "Over Nick's first year, a really strong working relationship has developed between us and between our teams that has been really productive and has helped to bring a new focus to Northamptonshire Police.

"The Force feels energised and though there is still a long way to go to improve performance, I can see clear improvements in some of the areas that matter to people, particularly the prompt and robust investigation of crime."

**Read the Chief Constable 's Annual Report 2018-19 **
