```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Special Constables have been dedicating an impressive amount of their own time across the county to help everyone stay safe.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Specials dedicate hundreds of hours to help keep us all safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/specials-dedicate-hundreds-of-hours-to-help-keep-us-all-safe/
publish:
  date: 13:04 21/04/2020
title: Specials dedicate hundreds of hours to help keep us all safe | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/specials-dedicate-hundreds-of-hours-to-help-keep-us-all-safe/
```

Special Constables have been dedicating an impressive amount of their own time across the county to help everyone stay safe.

Last weekend - from Friday, April 17, until Sunday, April 19 - 81 members of the Special Constabulary volunteered a staggering total of 816 hours. They were working across Northamptonshire along with regular officers in several different policing roles, such as responding to calls from members of the public, policing the county's roads and patrolling towns and villages on foot.

Over the Bank Holiday weekend - between Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 - 52 specials gave up more than 420 hours of their time to assist with high visibility foot patrols.

Sergeant Susan Torrance, Specials and Volunteers Sergeant, said: "It never ceases to amaze me how our officers are always ready to answer the call when needed. Their dedication and commitment to serving the community, offering advice and encouragement during this difficult time knows no bounds. I am immensely proud and grateful for our officers and the positive reaction from the public - we are in this together"

Mike Maywood, Chief Officer of Northamptonshire Police Special Constabulary, said: "Our officers have put a lot of energy into advising and guiding around the COVID-19 requirements to stay safe and stay at home - in 99% of cases their advice has been followed, we thank both the officers and the general public for their joint commitment to avoiding this horrible disease"

Assistant Chief Constable Simon Blatchly said: "These figures prove that the dedication of our specials is phenomenal. This is a fantastic example of people giving up their own time to help in our work to keep people safe during the COVID-19 restrictions. They are a real asset to our Force and, in turn, to the communities of Northamptonshire."
