```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Following three serious road traffic collisions involving pedestrians in less than 24-hours, officers from Northamptonshire Police are urging people to take extra care on the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Members of the public urged to take extra care on roads following three serious collisions
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/members-of-the-public-urged-to-take-extra-care-on-roads-following-three-serious-collisions/
publish:
  date: 15:49 24/04/2020
title: Members of the public urged to take extra care on roads following three serious collisions | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/members-of-the-public-urged-to-take-extra-care-on-roads-following-three-serious-collisions/
```

Following three serious road traffic collisions involving pedestrians in less than 24-hours, officers from Northamptonshire Police are urging people to take extra care on the county's roads.

An 87-year-old man was in collision with a single-decker bus in Wellingborough's High Street at about 1.10pm on Wednesday (April 22) and was taken to University Hospital Coventry with serious leg injuries.

At 10.20pm on the same day, in Northampton, a blue VW Sharan travelling along Danes Camp Way towards Swan Valley was involved in a collision with a man, who sadly died at the scene.

The third happened at about 8am yesterday (Thursday, April 23), when a 40-year-old man on roller skates and a 50-year-old motorcyclist collided on a road between East Farndon and Great Oxendon. Both men were taken to University Hospital Coventry with serious injuries.

As a result of the incidents, officers are concerned that following the government advice to stay at home and only make essential journeys, people believe the roads are now empty.

Central Operations Superintendent Kevin Mulligan, said: "Although we've seen the volume of traffic fall on some of our roads by up to 70 per cent since the travel restrictions were put in place, this doesn't mean how we use our roads has also changed.

"Reducing the number of people who are killed or seriously injured on the roads of our county is one of our Force priorities, and this has not, and will not, change as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic.

"If anything, it is more vital than ever that we make sure we are using the roads safely and not taking unnecessary risks. The roads may appear empty but you do not know what it literally around the next corner.

"Those involved in a collision will require the use of the NHS, the police, fire and ambulance services, all of whom are exceptionally busy responding to the Covid-19 pandemic.

"These are unprecedented times, and all of us have all been asked to dramatically change the way we live our lives and travel. Each and every one of us must take responsibility for helping to save lives and protect the NHS."

Anyone with information or anyone who witnessed any of the three incidents is asked to call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or Northamptonshire Police on 101.

Ends
