```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Twenty-seven drivers issued penalty notices in four hours.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers crack down on speeding motorists
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/officers-crackdown-on-speeding-motorists/
publish:
  date: 15:31 26/06/2019
title: Officers crack down on speeding motorists | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/officers-crackdown-on-speeding-motorists/
```

Twenty-seven drivers were stopped by Northamptonshire Police in one afternoon after being caught speeding as part of the Force's on-going campaign to improve road safety across the county.

Led by PC Chris Foster, officers from the Wellingborough Neighbourhood Policing Team with support from members of the Special Constabulary joined forces for yesterday's (Tuesday, June 25) operation.

The checks were carried out over a four hour period across six locations, resulting in 27 motorists receiving penalty notices for exceeding the 30mph speed limit and one vehicle being confiscated for having no tax.

Thirteen tickets were issued in Irthlingborough Road, Finedon which was the most handed out in one location. However excess speeds varied from 36mph to 48mph, with the highest recorded in Main Road, Wilby.

The remainder of the tickets issued were in Main Road, Wilby (five); London Road, Little Irchester (two), Finedon Road (six) and Sywell Road (one), Wellingborough. No offences were recorded in Isham.

PC Foster of the Wellingborough Rural Neighbourhood team, said: "Speed is often recorded as a contributory factor in road collisions and anything we can do to reduce the likelihood or severity of one occurring is of an obvious benefit to all road users.

"Some of the vehicles were recorded driving up to 48mph. About two thirds of all collisions in which someone is either injured or killed occur on roads with a speed limit of 30mph or less."

Overall the number of people killed and seriously injured (KSI) on the county's roads was 288 in 2018, of which 31 were fatalities. Improving road safety is a policing priority across the Force, which aims to reduce casualties on our roads.
