```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Breck\u2019s Last Game has scooped a second award and is in the running for a third accolade later this month."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Breck\u2019s Last Game scoops second award"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/brecks-last-game-scoops-second-award/
publish:
  date: 16:47 22/11/2019
title: "Breck\u2019s Last Game scoops second award | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/november-19/brecks-last-game-scoops-second-award/
```

Breck's Last Game has scooped a second award and is in the running for a third accolade later this month.

The hard-hitting film was produced to raise awareness of the dangers of online grooming and was made as part of a collaboration between Northamptonshire Police, Leicestershire Police, Surrey Police and Essex Police.

It tells the story of 14-year-old gamer Breck Bednar who was murdered after being groomed online.

Daynes lured Breck to his flat in Essex, under the premise that he would hand over control of a fictional computer business to the teenager.

The film has been watched by millions of people and last night (Thursday, November 21) picked up a silver award in the Film in a Digital Campaign category at the EVCOM (Event and Visual Communication Association) London Film Awards.

This follows a silver award at the Cannes Corporate Media and TV Awards and the film is also shortlisted in the Best Promotional Content category at the Royal Television Society Midlands awards being held on November 29.

The film, which lasts just over four minutes, was made by Affixxius Films in Loughborough and features Lorin LaFave, Breck's mother.

Lorin said: "I am so pleased that Breck's Last Game has been given yet another award. The film has helped millions of people to recognise signs of grooming and think about their own online relationships.

"Many thanks to all who have made this project possible to share awareness of Breck's story and the work of the Breck Foundation. #DoYouReallyKnowYourOnlineFriends?"

Miles Latham, managing partner at Affixxius Films, said: "It is with great pride that can celebrate another high-level industry award for Breck's Last Game, and from such a prestigious body; but such pride is always tempered - with a project of this sort - by a wish that we had never had to make the film in the first place.

"We sincerely hope that more valuable exposure - such as this award - can continue the core work of the project. It is imperative that the message of Breck's Last Game reaches as many young people as possible to prevent such a horrendous occurrence ever being repeated."

Assistant Chief Constable James Andronov said: "This is the second award the film has been presented with and I'm delighted it has been recognised for the important role it plays in raising awareness of online grooming among boys.

"Nearly all young people have an online life, but many do not appreciate the dangers that come with forming online relationships. We cannot expect them to understand they are being groomed or that what is happening to them is abuse and we cannot expect parents to interpret and analyse with perfect clarity the different risks posed by different channels that groomers use.

"What we can do is make advice as accessible as possible. That's what we hope _Breck 's Last Game _is doing, while addressing the under-reporting of CSE among boys. I hope the film will continue to provoke conversations at home as well as in the classroom."

Since it was launched, Breck's Last Game has been used as a valuable education resource in schools across Northamptonshire and even adopted by the Australian Federal Police.

Surrey teenager Breck Bednar was murdered in 2014 after being groomed online by fellow gamer Lewis Daynes.

Daynes lured Breck to his flat in Essex, under the premise that he would hand over control of a fictional computer business to the teenager.

Pictured: Lorin LaFave and Tim Cabrelli from Affixxius.
