```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Summer holiday fun is promised as part of an emergency services day to be hosted in Daventry next week.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Emergency Services fun day to be held in Daventry
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/emergency-services-fun-day-to-be-held-in-daventry/
publish:
  date: 11:02 29/07/2019
title: Emergency Services fun day to be held in Daventry | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/emergency-services-fun-day-to-be-held-in-daventry/
```

Summer holiday fun is promised as part of an emergency services day to be hosted in Daventry next month.

The event, which will be held at Danetre and Southbrook Learning Village in Hawke Road (NN11 4LJ), will include a variety of demonstrations and entertainments for visitors of all ages.

The 'emergency services fun day', to take place on Wednesday, August 7 (10.30am-3.30pm), has been arranged by organisations within Daventry District and South Northamptonshire Community Safety Partnership, which includes Northamptonshire Police, Daventry District Council and Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service.

Activities will include face-painting, sand pits and games as well as demonstrations by the emergency services and the chance to see police and fire vehicles up close.

There will be free food and refreshments on offer as well as a youth bus and stalls, including a presence by the Blue Butterfly project - a scheme which encourages children to talk to trusted adults if they have suffered bullying, domestic violence or other forms of abuse.

PCSO Kirsten Bates said: "We are really pleased to be holding this fun day for the community in Daventry. It will be a great opportunity not only for local families to enjoy a free day out in the summer holidays, but it will give us an opportunity to meet and engage with local residents and find out more about the issues that are important to them."

Andy Evans of the joint Arson Task Force (Northamptonshire Police and Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service) said: "We have been actively working and engaging with partners and with the community in Daventry for over a year as part of Operation Unite, a project to combat arson and anti-social behaviour in the town centre area.

"Since the start of that project, the local community has been extremely supportive and proactive in helping make their local area a better and safer place to live. So, we are really pleased to be giving something back to people in Daventry now by hosting this event where they can come along, enjoy the entertainments, and even use the opportunity to chat to their local police officers and firefighters."

Entry to the event is free.
