```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A Northamptonshire Police operation which has been hailed a success following its launch in Northampton last year, is to be replicated across the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Successful policing operation to be replicated across the county
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/successful-policing-operation-to-be-replicated-across-the-county/
publish:
  date: 12:36 31/01/2020
title: Successful policing operation to be replicated across the county | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/successful-policing-operation-to-be-replicated-across-the-county/
```

A Northamptonshire Police operation which has been hailed a success following its launch in Northampton last year, is to be replicated across the county.

Since October, more than 150 people have been arrested, as part of Operation Lily - a crackdown on crime in Northampton town centre - now officers in Kettering and Wellingborough will be looking to repeat this success.

As part of the operation, the towns' Neighbourhood Policing Teams will be focusing on those communities who have been the most affected by crime and anti-social behaviour.

An enforcement day on Monday, January 27, saw five warrants executed in Wellingborough as part of the operation's launch which resulted in large quantities of money and Class A drugs being seized.

With the support of colleagues from across the Force, officers will be stepping up patrols and carrying out targeted operations, to tackle those involved in crime as well as protect those who suffer as a result.

Area Commander of the North Local Policing Area, Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "Operation Lily has made an enormous difference to those who live and work in Northampton town centre, and we will be striving to repeat this success among our communities.

"Working with our partners, we will be disrupting those who are intent on causing misery to our most vulnerable communities, which have been hardest hit by crime and anti-social behaviour.

"The majority of people living or working in these communities are hardworking, decent members of society and they do not deserve to live in fear due as a result of the illegal activities of a small minority.

"Operation Lily aims to improve confidence and empower local residents to take back their communities and help to support our more vulnerable members of the community."

As part of the local policing operation, officers will be carrying out additional high-visibility patrols across the Hemmingwell and Queensway wards in Wellingborough and the town centre area of Kettering.
