```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Corby have been working hard to tackle an issue which continues to frustrate the community.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police officers tackle motorcycle nuisance in Corby
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/police-officers-tackle-motorcycle-nuisance-in-corby/
publish:
  date: 12:44 20/04/2020
title: Police officers tackle motorcycle nuisance in Corby | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/police-officers-tackle-motorcycle-nuisance-in-corby/
```

Police officers in Corby have been working hard to tackle an issue which continues to frustrate the community.

Over the past few months, motorcycle nuisance has been causing issues in some neighbourhoods with reports being made to police of off-road vehicles racing up and down the streets.

Local officers are working hard to tackle the issue with some good results of seizures and warnings issued to the riders:

 * On February 21, an 18-year-old man and a 19-year old man were caught riding around in Bridgeford Place, Corby. Their red scooter and black off-road motocross bike were seized as a result.

 * A 13-year-old boy was issued with a warning after being caught riding a motorcycle at the beginning of March in and around Corby.

 * On April 16, an off-road motorcycle was seized from a 19-year-old man in Cottingham Road after he was found to be riding with no helmet, licence or insurance.

 * On the same day, a red Honda, found abandoned in Barnsley Square, was seized by officers after multiple reports of it riding around Corby in a nuisance manner.

 * Later that day, a third off-road bike was seized after it was also found to be driving around in a nuisance manner in Spalding Road.

Neighbour Policing Sergeant Rachel Grey, said: "Nuisance motorcycle riding is an issue we have been working hard to tackle and although the problem hasn't changed in scale, people are noticing it more now we are in the COVID-19 lockdown.

"We have had some good results with seizures and warnings but we really need the community to keep reporting the issue to us.

"Although on the surface it may seem like nothing is being done, we are constantly collating intelligence in order to build up a picture which gives us the best chance to seize the vehicles causing the nuisance and issue warnings to those riding them."

Anyone with information about nuisance motorcycle riding in their area should call Northamptonshire Police on 101. Or you can make a report online at www.northants.police.uk/ro
