```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CPolice officers never give up on the most vulnerable people in society, even when they want us to.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Not just crime \u2013 vulnerable people protected in another successful fortnight of policing on the North"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/not-just-crime--vulnerable-people-protected-in-another-successful-fortnight-of-policing-on-the-north/
publish:
  date: 10:21 11/09/2020
title: "Not just crime \u2013 vulnerable people protected in another successful fortnight of policing on the North | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/not-just-crime--vulnerable-people-protected-in-another-successful-fortnight-of-policing-on-the-north/
```

"Police officers never give up on the most vulnerable people in society, even when they want us to."

This is the message from Superintendent Dennis Murray as his team on the north secure some more excellent results - protecting the most vulnerable people in society and bringing the offenders to justice.

The good work from the past fortnight starts on August 28, when a 28-year-old Irthlingborough man was charged with harassment offences and remanded into custody after an incident in Irthlingborough where a woman was repeatedly called and harassed by a man.

The same day, a 14-year-old boy who had been missing for five days and who police had been looking for constantly since, was found safe and well.

The next day on August 29, eight charges were secured against a 26-year-old Kettering man for controlling/coercive behaviour, taking a vehicle without consent, two counts of battery, two counts of threats to kill, dangerous driving and common assault. The charges were secured in connection with incidents that happened over the course of 2020 at an address in Kettering.

On Thursday, September 3, a warrant was executed at an address in The Embankment, Wellingborough. Drugs and £3000 worth of cash were recovered with a 23-year-old man and a 24-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in connection with the incident.

One the same day, another warrant was executed at an address in Carrington Street, Kettering, after a young boy was found to be dealing drugs in the Kettering area. A large amount of Class A drugs and cash were seized from the address with 41-year-old Emma Jayne Rowlatt, of Carrington Street, Kettering, charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in connection with the raid.

The Burglary Team have also had some good results on the north recently.

On September 2, a warrant was conducted at an address in Scotter Walk, Corby with drugs and nearly 150 exhibits linked to multiple burglaries across Corby seized.

A couple of days later, a 22-year-old man was sentenced to two years and four months in prison for three Kettering burglaries. Reece Fuinns, 22, previously of Kettering, pleaded guilty to the offences at Northampton Crown Court, which all took place in the same street on the same night in July 2020.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "Missing people, victims of domestic violence, children exploited to run drugs - these are the people who often feel like they have no one to turn to. But they can always turn to us, and we will always be there for them.

"Police officers never give up on the most vulnerable people in society, even when they want us to. Our job is to protect them and we will always fight for them.

"I am really pleased with the charges we've secured in the past fortnight, only some of which are mentioned here.

"As I have said in the past, drug dealers are cowards and these are the people we seek to go after - not the vulnerable children they employ to do their dirty work and who feel they have no other choice.

"We are still going full speed ahead in our war against drugs and crime in this county and I expect to see more good results coming in on a daily basis as they have been doing, and more vulnerable people protected and safeguarded."
