```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s been a flying start to the week for the cops in West Northants this week with some great results so far."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Flying start to the week for cops on the West
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/flying-start-to-the-week-for-cops-on-the-west/
publish:
  date: 11:57 18/06/2020
title: Flying start to the week for cops on the West | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/flying-start-to-the-week-for-cops-on-the-west/
```

It's been a flying start to the week for the cops in West Northants this week with some great results so far.

The run of good work started at 9am on Monday, June 15, when a cannabis factory was discovered in Malcolm Drive following a warrant.

The semi-detached property was kitted out with everything needed to cultivate the Class B drug with a total of 116 plants seized by officers. A 44-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of producing cannabis in connection with the find.

The good work continued on Monday afternoon at about 4.30pm when officers arrested a 25-year-old man wanted on recall to prison for breaching the conditions of his license.

Shortly afterwards, another important arrest was made when a 49-year-old man was arrested for stalking offences.

In the early hours of Tuesday, June 16, another cannabis factory was discovered at an address in Sheaf Street, Daventry, following reports of a robbery in progress.

The cultivation was spread across four rooms and detectives are now working to establish who is responsible for the growth.

On Wednesday, two warrants were carried out in Broadmead Court with more than 60 wraps of suspected Class A drugs found and a man arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with Intent to Supply.

Finally, a highly sought-after wanted man from the West Midlands was arrested yesterday in connection with an aggravated burglary in Northampton. The man remains in police custody at this time as detectives work through the evidence.

The police officer in charge of the west, Superintendent Chris Hillery, said: "It has been a really decent start to the week and I expect the results to keep rolling in.

"There is a huge amount of energy and determination among our cops across Northampton at the moment to tackle the issues that are affecting our local communities and bring the people bringing those areas down to justice.

"The majority of people in Northampton are hardworking, decent members of society and they do not deserve to live in fear due to a small minority who think committing crime is acceptable.

"We have really taken the fight to this minority in the past couple of months with some great proactive policing and I look forward to continuing to do so."

Northamptonshire Police relies on community intelligence to build a picture of what crime is happening and where it is happening. If you have any information about suspicious activity in your area, please call us on 101 or report it online at www.northants.police.uk/ro.
