```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police took part in a national day of action this week, as part of Operation Aidant - the national operation into vulnerability, exploitation and modern day slavery.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Day of action to tackle sexual exploitation and modern slavery
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/day-of-action-to-tackle-sexual-exploitation-and-modern-slavery/
publish:
  date: 09:46 20/09/2019
title: Day of action to tackle sexual exploitation and modern slavery | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/august-19/day-of-action-to-tackle-sexual-exploitation-and-modern-slavery/
```

Northamptonshire Police took part in a national day of action this week, as part of Operation Aidant - the national operation into vulnerability, exploitation and modern day slavery.

Police visited 11 addresses across the county as part of the ongoing efforts to tackle sexual exploitation.

The focus was the disruption of pop-up brothels in order to bring offenders to justice and safeguard potential victims.

Police are tolerant of brothels operating if no other exploitation and criminality exists as they are deemed safer places for women to work than on the streets.

Officers checked the welfare of a number of women working in the sex industry from the UK, Thailand and Romania. One was dealt with for immigration issues.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee McBride, the force lead for modern slavery and human trafficking, said: "Women should be allowed to work in a safe, non-exploitative environment and the purpose of the day of action, which took place on Wednesday, was to ensure no exploitation or trafficking was taking place.

"Quite often, pop-up brothels operate in rental properties or rental rooms as these are often short-term rents from as little as a week. There is limited commitment to the location and the business can easily be moved to another property or location.

"Signs may include multiple women living at an address, where the women may often arrive with small luggage and women will change frequently. There is likely to be many frequent visitors, usually male, who don't stay for long periods of time.

"If you suspect a pop-up brothel is operating in your area, please contact police on 101 or 999 in an emergency, or the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700."

Operation Aidant is co-ordinated by the National Crime Agency (NCA). The operation is run nationally every year and involves local police forces working alongside partner agencies to focus on Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.

_ _
