```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers in Northamptonshire are issuing a warning to members of the public about a large-scale fraud that involves speeding offences.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police officers issue warning over speeding offence scam
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/police-officers-issue-warning-over-speeding-offence-scam/
publish:
  date: 11:42 04/03/2021
title: Police officers issue warning over speeding offence scam | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/police-officers-issue-warning-over-speeding-offence-scam/
```

Police officers in Northamptonshire are issuing a warning to members of the public about a large-scale fraud that involves speeding offences.

An investigation that has been taking place for a number of months has uncovered a fraud whereby people who have been caught speeding are contacting fraudsters who are asking for payment in return for the speeding offence being cancelled or appealed.

The money is paid and the fraudster then completes the Notice of Intended Prosecution using someone else's details. That completely innocent party is then given points on their licence they don't deserve.

In one case, a man received a summons to court after his details were used fraudulently on a number of occasions creating a situation where he had so many points on his licence, he was going to be banned from driving.

Four people have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit fraud in connection with the creation of the scam and the fraudulent service. More than 60 people have also been identified as having paid for the service and they are also being pursued for offences.

DC Eve Atkin from Northamptonshire Police's Fraud Team, said: "We have so far identified 116 offences across nineteen police force areas and continue to investigate this case in order to pursue both the people responsible and the people paying for this service.

"When you are caught speeding, there is no way to make it go away. Paying for the services of fraudsters, who use the details of innocent members of the public, is a criminal offence and one that is committed not only by the fraudster offering the service but also by the member of the public who uses those services. By paying for this service, you are perverting the course of justice - a crime which carries a sentence of imprisonment.

"If you are contacted by someone who is claiming to be able to make your speeding offence go away, please contact us so we can investigate. You can do so by calling 101 or if you would rather report online, please visit www.northants.police.uk/ro. Alternatively you can call Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.
