```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Residents and local businesses in Kettering are being asked to check home security or CCTV footage for anyone acting suspiciously in and around the area where they live or work.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Local neighbourhood policing team appeal for CCTV images
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/local-neighbourhood-policing-team-appeal-for-cctv-images/
publish:
  date: 10:51 18/02/2020
title: Local neighbourhood policing team appeal for CCTV images | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/feb-20/local-neighbourhood-policing-team-appeal-for-cctv-images/
```

Residents and local businesses in Kettering are being asked to check home security or CCTV footage for anyone acting suspiciously in and around the area where they live or work.

The appeal from the Kettering Neighbourhood Policing Team follows members of the public sharing posts on social media warning people to be vigilant after a number of attempted thefts and break-ins in the Brambleside area of the town.

With the majority of these incidents going unreported to the police, officers are urging members of the public to report all offences to enable the neighbourhood team to build intelligence around those who are committing these crimes.

Sergeant Sean Marshall, of Kettering Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "There has been a number of posts circulating on Facebook from local people reporting that someone has tried their doors or attempted to break in to their vehicles.

"These incidents are clearly affecting the local community. However, unless people report all such incidents to us, so we don't have a true picture of the extent of the problem.

"We would ask anyone who has been targeted to report it to us, either by calling 101 or submitting a report online. Or those with CCTV stills of possible offenders, to email them to us along with the date, time and location of the incident."

As part of an ongoing local policing operation, the town's Neighbourhood Policing Team will be focusing on those communities who have been the most affected by crime and anti-social behaviour.

Operation Lily aims to improve confidence and empower local residents to take back their communities and help to support the more vulnerable members of the community.

With the support of colleagues from across the Force, officers will be stepping up patrols and carrying out targeted operations, to tackle those involved in crime as well as protect those who suffer as a result.

Anyone with CCTV stills, or would like more information on how to submit images, is asked to contact KetteringTown@northants.pnn.police.uk

For more information on how to protect your property, please visit the dedicated crime prevention pages on the Force website at www.northants.police.uk

ENDS
