```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Northamptonshire Police have won the praise of the public after appearing on national TV last night in the new series of 999 What\u2019s Your Emergency?"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Praise for Northamptonshire Police officers as they battle crime on national TV
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/praise-for-northamptonshire-police-officers-as-they-battle-crime-on-national-tv/
publish:
  date: 14:41 06/10/2020
title: Praise for Northamptonshire Police officers as they battle crime on national TV | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/praise-for-northamptonshire-police-officers-as-they-battle-crime-on-national-tv/
```

Officers from Northamptonshire Police have won the praise of the public after appearing on national TV last night in the new series of 999 What's Your Emergency?

Viewers across the country turned to their TV screens to watch officers deal with a homeless man carrying a knife, unprovoked attacks during a night out and, most shockingly, a violent outburst at the Longboat Pub in Duston which required officers to activate their emergency distress call button seeking immediate back-up.

People took to social media to praise the force and express their shock at what officers deal with on a busy night shift.

A viewer commented on Facebook about the pub incident: "My goodness I was in tears watching the 2 police officers trying to apprehend the lout in the pub and couldn't believe not one person from the crowd came forwards to help them. You all do a wonderful job!"

Another viewer, said: "I'm really glad that the incident at the longboat was seen in full context. There were reports at the time of police brutality. When you see it in its entirety it's clear this man was very strong and actually the 2 officers on scene initially were struggling to restrain him. Magda was half his size, bless her. I hope she's ok. X"

Another said: "It was an eye opener. You need a medal to deal with people like that. What ever happened to having a few drinks and a good time and go home? Now you clearly have to be involved in a fight or assaulted.

Another post on Facebook expressed views about the treatment officers receive: "No way should our police officers have to put up with and deal with this kind of violence and brutality, I have total respect for all our emergency services, Thankyou all for what you do."

One of the officer's mother's reflected on how it made her feel watching her son on TV: "As a mum to one of the officers in tonight's program I am very proud of him and all of the officers but also very worried when they have to deal with the likes that we saw on this program."

Chief Constable Nick Adderley, quickly acknowledged his role in protecting officers: "Great tweet, and you should feel justly proud of your son. As parents, we never stop worrying, ever. I will continue to do everything within my power to train and equip our force to keep all staff as safe as possible."

The Chief also took to Twitter highlighting the lighter side of policing: "Incredibly proud of all the officers who appeared in this evening #999whatsyouremergency. Quote of the night by PC McDonald "looking around, it is obvious that Northamptonshire doesn't have enough mirrors". Great humour and a great cop."

Other comments from viewers included: "I honestly do not know how the police put up with some of these people and stay professional."

"Really impressed with your officers on last nights programme total respect for you all."

"Was very proud of our police after last nights ep. They deal with difficulties everyday to protect the public."

"Massively impressed with the dedication to keeping the town safe."

If you missed the episode last night on Channel 4, then you can watch it on Demand.

If you were inspired by our officers and would like to find out more, visit www.northants.police.uk/policeofficer
