```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is joining emergency service control rooms around the world and paying tribute to the unsung heroes of the control room, with the release of a poem about the impact of the work of call handlers.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&quot;To all our #unsungheroes, a fact we know is true. You are the voices of hope, this week belongs to you.&quot;'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/to-all-our-unsungheroes-a-fact-we-know-is-true.-you-are-the-voices-of-hope-this-week-belongs-to-you/
publish:
  date: 15:07 23/10/2020
title: '&quot;To all our #unsungheroes, a fact we know is true. You are the voices of hope, this week belongs to you.&quot; | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/to-all-our-unsungheroes-a-fact-we-know-is-true.-you-are-the-voices-of-hope-this-week-belongs-to-you/
```

#Unsungheroes of the force control room

Northamptonshire Police is joining emergency service control rooms around the world and paying tribute to the unsung heroes of the control room, with the release of a poem about the impact of the work of call handlers.

As part of International Control Room Week, senior officers have been filmed reading the lines of a poem about call handlers who are often the first point of contact for members of the public who need emergency assistance.

From Monday 19, till Sunday, October 25, International Control Room Week aims to celebrate the officers and staff who use their skills, knowledge and expertise to swiftly dispatch the appropriate resources required for an incident while simultaneously providing a reassuring voice and advice to the caller.

In the past 12 months, between October 2019 and September 2020, the force control room received a total of 332,788 calls, equating to over 900 calls a day. In the past year, the control room also answered more than 3,500 calls relating to missing people and almost 10,000 calls in the year relating to violence against a person.

Superintendent Emily Vernon, who is in charge of the force control room, said: "They are often overlooked, but the control room staff really are the unsung heroes. They play a critical and demanding role in maintaining the safety of the public.

"The control room, which is on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, takes calls from the smallest of incidents to the most serious. They speak to the most vulnerable or those that are victims of crime. They use their skills to manage and reassure the caller, gather the most relevant information and direct the most appropriate response.

"Taking part in International Control Room Week allows us to recognise and thank the hard work they do. It also allows us to show people who might be interested in a career with us, what they can expect. Working in the control room is unique and always different. It's a challenging but rewarding environment and I would encourage anyone who is interested to apply now."

You can apply to be a call handler by going online at www.northants.police.uk/careers

Incidents can be reported by calling 101 or going online at www.northants.police.uk in an emergency call 999.

Poem thanks to Peas in a Pod.
