```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: As the popularity of internet shopping and online auctions grows, so the number of complaints about transactions is increasing.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Shopping and auction fraud involves fraudulent shopping scams that rely on the anonymity of the internet
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/shopping-and-auction-fraud-involves-fraudulent-shopping-scams-that-rely-on-the-anonymity-of-the-internet/
publish:
  date: 11:42 19/01/2021
title: Shopping and auction fraud involves fraudulent shopping scams that rely on the anonymity of the internet | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/shopping-and-auction-fraud-involves-fraudulent-shopping-scams-that-rely-on-the-anonymity-of-the-internet/
```

As the popularity of internet shopping and online auctions grows, so the number of complaints about transactions is increasing. Some of the most common complaints involve:

 * buyers receiving goods late, or not at all
 * sellers not receiving payment
 * buyers receiving goods that are either less valuable than those advertised or significantly different from the original description
 * failure to disclose relevant information about a product or the terms of sale.

If you are a victim of shopping or auction fraud, the most immediate problem is that you have no real prospect of returning the goods or having your money refunded.

After this, there is a risk that your identity details could be compromised. Fraudsters could steal your identity and use it to access your personal finances or obtain goods or finance from alternative sources.

### **Are you a victim of shopping and auction fraud?**

 * You've bought goods from an online seller that are either late in arriving or don't arrive at all.
 * You've received goods from an online seller that don't match the original description.
 * You've given identity details or personal financial information to an online seller who has used them in criminal ways.

### **What should you do? **

 * If the seller has misrepresented the goods you've bought, report the fraud to Action Fraud.
 * Keep all evidence of the offence, including goods and correspondence.
 * If there is a business dispute over the nature of the transaction, contact the website involved. Or, you can alert Consumer Direct by phone on 08454 04 05 06.

### **Protect yourself against shopping and auction fraud**

 * Make sure you understand how the website's feedback function works. Feedback will give you useful information about recent transactions other buyers have made.
 * Check the item's description carefully - ask the seller questions if you're not sure of something.
 * Beware of people offering you a deal below the current bid or reserve price, especially if they contact you direct. Remember, if an offer sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
 * Be extremely careful when buying things from people with little or no selling history.
 * Be aware of phishing emails that look like they come from the online auction or payment site you're registered with, asking you to update your account details or re-enter them because your account has been suspended.
 * Check the URL in the web browser. A tactic often used by fraudsters is to change the address very slightly (if they're spoofing an eBay site, for instance, they may have an address such as '. . . @ebayz.com' whereas the real site is '. . . @ebay.com')
 * Read the terms and conditions carefully, including those relating to any dispute resolution procedures the site offers.
 * If you bid for an item unsuccessfully, don't be tempted to trade off-site if another seller approaches you with a similar item.

### **As a buyer you should:**

 * Try to avoid paying by money transfers - they aren't secure.
 * Be careful when using direct banking transactions to pay for goods. Make sure transactions are secure.
 * Don't send confidential personal or financial information by email.
 * Use an online payment option such as PayPal, which helps to protect you.

### **As a seller you should:**

 * Be wary of accepting payment by cheque. Even though it may clear, you are still liable if the cheque is forged or stolen.
 * Don't accept a cheque for a higher amount and refund the difference. This is a common fraud that only comes to light when the buyers' cheque turns out to be stolen or forged.

**If fraud has been committed, report it to Action Fraud.**
