```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A fundraising calendar showcasing the role of Northamptonshire Police&#39;s canine crimefighters and their specialist handlers of the Force&#39;s dog section is now on sale.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: K9s in the spotlight with 2020 fundraising calendar
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/k9s-in-the-spotlight-with-2020-fundraising-calendar/
publish:
  date: 11:58 11/10/2019
title: K9s in the spotlight with 2020 fundraising calendar | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/k9s-in-the-spotlight-with-2020-fundraising-calendar/
```

A fundraising calendar showcasing the role of Northamptonshire Police's canine crimefighters and their specialist handlers of the Force's dog section is now on sale.

Each month features one of the dogs in action, shining the spotlight on the huge variety of work they do, from supporting armed operations and chasing after criminals to patrolling the Silverstone grand prix.

Northamptonshire Police's dogs have been deployed to 971 incidents so far this year. Each week PDs Mac, Puma, Kez, Alya, Fama, Harper, Walt, Olly, Nala, Charlie, Stanley and Bryn get involved in everything that policing can throw at them. This calendar gives their many fans a chance to celebrate the work all 12 dogs do.

The calendar costs £10 plus £1.50 postage and packing. The proceeds will be used to train two new cash, drugs and firearms specialist search dogs, six-month-old Cocker Spaniel puppies Baxter and Spyro. A donation will also be made to the National K9 Police Dog Memorial, a charity raising funds to honour the many dogs who have played such a vital role within the police service across the country.

The charity also awards the National K-9 Memorial Medal, the first of its kind in the United Kingdom. It is presented to Police Dogs upon retirement, or in recognition of their bravery.

Northamptonshire Police Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "Northamptonshire Police dogs and their handlers are uniquely popular and rightly so. They run towards trouble and their bravery and loyalty is unmatched. These pictures show them at their finest - noble, dignified and ready for anything - they clearly enjoyed their time in the spotlight and they deserve the attention. The calendar is a great idea to share some fantastic photos of the dog section and raise money to train two new pups."

Nick Adderley, Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, said: "I feel an immense sense of pride in our police dog unit, and I'm glad we have the opportunity to share this pride with the public through these fundraising calendars. The photographs give a great overview of the working lives and personalities of the police dogs, with a good mix of operational action shots - and a few light-hearted ones too!

"Our police dogs and handlers put their lives on the line every day to fight crime and protect the people of Northamptonshire, be that through helping to locate a missing person or to chase down a wanted person, and I think this calendar does a fantastic job in reflecting this."

Members of the public can purchase the calendar online via the PayPal link set up by Northamptonshire Police here.

## PC Ian McDonald and PD Mac

## PC Alex Willatt and PD Alya

## PS Chris Monday and Baxter
