```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Officers from Northamptonshire Police have increased Covid-19 patrols in Corby and Kettering as cases in these areas remain far higher than the national average.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police patrols increased in Corby and Kettering amid high rates of Covid-19
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/police-patrols-increased-in-corby-and-kettering-amid-high-rates-of-covid-19/
publish:
  date: 11:09 12/02/2021
title: Police patrols increased in Corby and Kettering amid high rates of Covid-19 | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/police-patrols-increased-in-corby-and-kettering-amid-high-rates-of-covid-19/
```

Officers from Northamptonshire Police have increased Covid-19 patrols in Corby and Kettering as cases in these areas remain far higher than the national average.

In the seven days to February 5, Corby had 432 cases per 100,000 people, and Kettering 312.5, both well above the national average of 190.6 for the same period.

Although rates in both areas are falling, they are doing so more slowly than elsewhere, leading to concerns people are not abiding by lockdown rules.

In order to support the efforts of healthcare colleagues to fight the virus, Northamptonshire Police has increased patrols in the towns to ensure people continue to follow Covid-19 legislation.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, said: "We know people from across the county have in the main followed the rules and done all they can to help stop the spread of Covid-19.

"However, we also know that there are a small number of people who are not following the rules and their actions have consequences.

"We have been working closely with colleagues from Public Health Northamptonshire since the start of the pandemic and are doing all we can to help their work to reduce the infection rate and that includes deploying more officers to conduct patrols in Corby and Kettering."

Within the last month the Force has issued 89 Covid-19 related fixed penalty notices (FPNs) across the two towns, with the majority of these fines given to people in the 22-30 age group.

Officers are also attending every report of breaches of Covid-19 legislation in Corby, attending both homes and businesses in order to ensure the law is followed.

Supt Foskett added: "We understand that people are frustrated by the latest lockdown, we all want to get back to normal, see those friends and family we haven't seen for a year, re-start our social lives and have the freedom to travel wherever we want, whenever we want. However, we are not in a position to do that and so we must do all we can to protect each other and the NHS, particularly our local hospitals which are incredibly busy."

The most common reasons for issuing Covid-19 related FPNs in the two towns are:

 * Failing to wear face coverings on public transport or in a relevant place
 * Gatherings in households (outside of support or childcare bubbles)
 * Gatherings outdoors in groups of more than two people (from different households)
 * Non-essential travel

During lockdown people are advised to:

 * Stay at home
 * Only leave home for food, medical reasons, exercise or work
 * Work from home, unless you're unable to do so
 * Do not travel unless necessary, stay local, including for exercise
 * Wear face coverings in shops and on public transport
 * Maintain good hygiene practices, wash/sanitise hands regularly

To report a breach of Covid-19 legislation, visit our website here.
