```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Rural and wildlife officers have been carrying out a range of activities across the county as Northamptonshire Police backs a national rural crime awareness week.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers go wild in the country to help prevent rural crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/officers-go-wild-in-the-country-to-help-prevent-rural-crime/
publish:
  date: 09:51 11/10/2019
title: Officers go wild in the country to help prevent rural crime | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/officers-go-wild-in-the-country-to-help-prevent-rural-crime/
```

Rural and wildlife officers have been carrying out a range of activities across the county as Northamptonshire Police backs a national rural crime awareness week.

Activities so far have included farmers' breakfasts, rural community visits, a tack marking session, sharing advice on prevention the persecution of birds of prey, and checks at scrap metal dealers.

Yesterday, Thursday, October 10, the Force was led by Chief Constable Nick Adderley in backing the Brampton Grange launch of a new rural crime campaign by charity Crimestoppers, encouraging people to pass on information about countryside crime and those committing it.

Inspector Tracy Moore, who leads on rural crime at Northamptonshire Police, said: "The activities our officers have been carrying out this week are typical of our ongoing work to prevent and detect rural crime.

"Alongside our partners we've been making the most of opportunities to speak to rural residents and provide them with expert prevention advice to help them reduce their risk of being a victim of crime, as well as listening to and discussing the policing issues that concern them.

"It's also an ideal opportunity for us to gather rural intelligence from the communities who act as our eyes and ears in the countryside.

"We hope that by working with Crimestoppers to promote their new campaign we can encourage rural residents to share what they know however they feel most comfortable - either direct to us or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111."

Partners in the rural crime week's activities include the Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service, the NFU, Neighbourhood Watch, local councils, the CLA, and the Environment Agency.

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "I understand that people who live and work in the rural parts of our county have particular concerns that are unique to them, which is why we have put in place a rural crime strategy to help partners work better together to keep all of our communities safe.

"Some tremendous work has been going on during this week of action and I hope we will see some lasting results."

Further activities planned as part of the week, which runs from October 6 to this Sunday, October 13, include rural shop visits, traffic stops, joint patrols with the Environment Agency and a joint automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) operation with Thames Valley Police targeting criminals on the roads.

Earlier in the week, Northamptonshire Police brought charges against three men in relation to a series of illegal sheep butchery offences, which have been investigated by officers under Operation Stock.

Inspector Moore said: "This is a great result, and for it to happen during rural crime week is the icing on the cake. So much work has gone into the investigation from across the Force and our partners, and the community support and intelligence received has been integral to this success."

The three men have been charged with conspiracy to steal and are next due in court on November 6.
