```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Officers taking part in an operation to tackle criminality this Christmas focused their attention on supporting vulnerable members of our community yesterday (December 19).
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the eighth day of Christmas the Northampton Neighbourhood Team gave to you\u2026"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-eighth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 16:18 20/12/2020
title: "On the eighth day of Christmas the Northampton Neighbourhood Team gave to you\u2026 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-eighth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-team-gave-to-you/
```

Officers taking part in an operation to tackle criminality this Christmas focused their attention on supporting vulnerable members of our community yesterday (December 19).

Members of the Northampton Neighbourhood Team, supported by the Special Constabulary, visited 11 people who had previously been exploited by people taking advantage of them. Their welfare was established and any necessary referrals made to partner organisations.

A victim of domestic abuse was visited and safeguarding referrals made to organisations which can help provide further support, while officers also visited an elderly victim of a recent burglary to provide on-going support and help to ensure they don't become a repeat victim.

Officers also visited businesses in the Brackmills area to help raise awareness of Modern Slavery, highlighting how to spot the signs and report any concerns they may have.

And PCSOs Dan Freeman and Mark Foster visited Easy Rider, a local business which provides push bikes and bike rides for vulnerable members of the community. While there they security marked 12 bikes to help identify and return to them to the community club, should they be stolen.

Sergeant Rod Williams from the Northampton Neighbourhood Team, said: "Part of the work we do is to support victims of crime and the vulnerable people who live in Northampton who can often be targeted by criminals.

"Yesterday, (December 19) we visited 11 people who have previously been the victim of cuckooing, when their homes have been taken over by criminals to use as a base, often linked to drug dealing. "These people are often the most vulnerable in our society and need the help of police and other partners in order to stay safe.

"Anyone who has concerns about someone who may be vulnerable, can report their concerns to us online at northants.police.uk or by calling 101."

The bikes after being security marked by PCSOs Dan Freeman and Mark Foster
