```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Police officers in Northamptonshire spent time in East Northants\u2019 schools this week to educate students on drugs and violence."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs dog provides education to students in East Northants
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/drugs-dog-provides-education-to-students-in-east-northants/
publish:
  date: 12:43 17/07/2019
title: Drugs dog provides education to students in East Northants | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/drugs-dog-provides-education-to-students-in-east-northants/
```

Police officers in Northamptonshire spent time in East Northants' schools this week to educate students on drugs and violence.

Police Dog Charlie led the way during Operation Hoy, walking around the classrooms and communal areas of the five secondary schools (Rushden Academy, Huxlow Science College, Ferrers School, Manor School and Prince William School) to see if there was anything untoward that needed sniffing out.

During his visits, he found a shuriken, also known as a throwing star, a grinder with remnants of cannabis inside, as well as paraphernalia used for smoking and vaping.

PD Charlie was joined by police officers and PCSOs who were on hand to provide education to the students about the dangers of drugs and put in safeguarding measures to ensure the students found with the confiscated items are provided with support.

Letters were sent to all the parents of students at the schools at the beginning of May regarding Operation Hoy and how a drugs dog would visit the schools unannounced.

Describing the visits, the schools commented on how it was "a pleasure to welcome PD Charlie and his fellow officers into our school", how PD Charlie "worked hard to circulate around the school grounds" and that "officers were amazing and proactive in engaging with our students". They also said how the visits "enabled us to highlight students who could be at risk so that early intervention can be implemented".

Neighbourhood Sergeant Sharan Wildman said: "This operation was very well received by parents and the five schools were great in facilitating these visits and providing us with their full support.

"This operation wasn't designed to scare students or make them feel like they were in trouble, but instead to educate them at a time of life when they are making choices that will determine the rest of their future.

"For those students who were found with items that PD Charlie sniffed out, early intervention is now in place to ensure they understand the dangers of carrying weapons or taking drugs and hopefully make the right choice in choosing to stop.

"PD Charlie worked incredibly hard throughout the day, as did the officers. It's great to see such successful partnership working happening which involves preventative measures that will hopefully mean that these students choose to live lives free of drugs and violence."
