```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman who drove their car into a pedestrian before making off from the scene without even calling for help have been sent to prison and disqualified from driving.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man and woman sentenced for hit and run collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/man-and-woman-sentenced-for-hit-and-run-collision/
publish:
  date: 15:35 18/12/2020
title: Man and woman sentenced for hit and run collision | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/man-and-woman-sentenced-for-hit-and-run-collision/
```

Krystal Hamilton is pictured above

A man and a woman who drove their car into a pedestrian before making off from the scene without even calling for help have been sent to prison and disqualified from driving.

On February 6, 2020, 20-year-old Krystal Hamilton was walking on the footpath in Wake Way in Grange Park, Northampton, when she was hit by a grey Volkswagen Passat, driven by 23-year-old Kennedy Lucas. Vinny Guess, 28, was in the passenger seat.

Lucas was driving on a provisional licence and without insurance in the residential area, when she mounted the kerb, drove on to the footpath and collided with Krystal.

Lucas flagged down a passing car, but left the scene before emergency services had arrived, whilst Guess drove the car away.

Krystal was taken to University Hospital Coventry with serious injuries but sadly died ten days later on Sunday, February 16. Her mother, Anne-Marie Hamilton, didn't leave her side.

In a heart-breaking statement read out at court, Anne-Marie described the "helplessness" she felt as she slowly watched her "beautiful baby daughter" fade away.

"It was heart wrenching," she said. "Knowing there was nothing I could do, wishing for all the world that I could swap places with her, take away her pain. The feelings of anger, rage and frustration at the senselessness of what happened continue to consume me."

Krystal's sister, Chloe, also penned a statement which was read out at court and described how she was one of the first on the scene after the collision:

"What I saw and felt when I got there on that night will stay with me forever. To watch my sister lying on the footpath, screaming in pain, not being able to help, the feelings of sheer panic, confusion as to how and why it had happened. The anger I felt as I was told that those responsible had driven off leaving my sister to die."

Lucas and Guess were arrested a short time later and were subsequently charged. At Northampton Crown Court they both pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice. Lucas also pleaded guilty to the additional charges of causing death by careless driving and causing death by driving a vehicle - unlicensed/uninsured.

Yesterday (December 17) Lucas was sentenced to 30 months in custody and Guess 15 months. Both have been disqualified from driving.

Lead Investigator, Detective Constable Lauren El Sharkawi of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "What happened on the night of February 6, 2020, has shattered the Hamilton family beyond words.

"Krystal was such a well-loved young woman with a bright future and her whole life ahead of her.

"The events that took place on that night were utterly dreadful and I hope it is something that Lucas and Guess will reflect on and regret profoundly.

"No sentence is this world will make up for the loss of Krystal. This has been a complex and upsetting case to investigate and my thoughts will remain with the Hamilton family for a very long time to come."
