```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Residents are being urged to continue to follow Covid-19 legislation after Northamptonshire Police issued 177 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) over the weekend.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: People urged to continue to follow Covid-19 rules after 177 FPNs issued over weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/people-urged-to-continue-to-follow-covid-19-rules-after-177-fpns-issued-over-weekend/
publish:
  date: 16:20 10/03/2021
title: People urged to continue to follow Covid-19 rules after 177 FPNs issued over weekend | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/march-21/people-urged-to-continue-to-follow-covid-19-rules-after-177-fpns-issued-over-weekend/
```

Residents are being urged to continue to follow Covid-19 legislation after Northamptonshire Police issued 177 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) over the weekend.

The tickets were issued through both proactive patrols and in response to reports of breaches of the rules between Friday, March 5 and Sunday, March 7, and included fines imposed for numerous group gatherings such as house parties, barbecues and a large gathering of football fans in Corby.

With 'stay at home' lockdown guidance set to remain in place until March 29, the Force is maintaining a proactive approach to enforcement of Covid-19 rules to help control the spread of coronavirus and ensure infection rates continue to fall.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, silver commander for the Force's response to Covid-19, said: "While it's disappointing that our officers needed to issue so many fines over the weekend, it demonstrates our commitment to playing our part in preventing the spread of Covid-19, a commitment which is thankfully shared by the vast majority of people living and working in our county.

"Our message is clear - while the stay at home guidance remains in place, you should continue to follow it, or you risk being fined. The end of restrictions may be in sight but we are not there yet, so please be patient - if we all stick with the rules, we will be free of them sooner."

The first stage of the Government's plan to gradually ease lockdown came into force on Monday, with pupils returning to school, care home residents now being allowed one visitor, and people able to meet with one other person from outside their household for recreation, not just exercise.

Supt Foskett said: "Step 1 of the roadmap out of lockdown is now underway, but we all need to continue to follow the rules and observe the 'Hands, Face, Space' guidance around maintaining social distancing, wearing masks where required, and washing our hands.

"Now the majority of pupils are back in school we'd also remind parents to make sure their drop-off and pick-ups are Covid-secure, and to remember that while children are at school together, under current Covid-19 legislation they cannot socialise together outside of school or school clubs just yet.

"Again, a little patience will go a long way to helping ensure infection rates stay under control so we can all look forward to the conditions being met for the further easing of restrictions into the spring and beyond."

**Read about the current rules around coronavirus at** **https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus**
