```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "The 2019 Formula 1 British Grand Prix arrives at Silverstone in less than two weeks and Northamptonshire Police is issuing advice to those planning to make their way to the circuit for the weekend\u2019s events."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Advice for racegoers heading to this year\u2019s F1 British Grand Prix"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/advice-for-racegoers-heading-to-this-years-f1-british-grand-prix/
publish:
  date: 14:51 01/07/2019
title: "Advice for racegoers heading to this year\u2019s F1 British Grand Prix | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/june-19/advice-for-racegoers-heading-to-this-years-f1-british-grand-prix/
```

The 2019 Formula 1 British Grand Prix arrives at Silverstone in less than two weeks and Northamptonshire Police is issuing advice to those planning to make their way to the circuit for the weekend's events.

The main race starts at 2.10pm on Sunday, July 14, with the policing operation beginning on Thursday July 11. As people prepare for their trip to the circuit, officers are reminding them to take some simple steps to protect themselves and their possessions and to act responsibly throughout the event.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, the event commander for the policing operation said: "The F1 British Grand Prix is one of the biggest annual sporting events in the country and our policing operation aims to make it as enjoyable and safe as possible.

"The support and cooperation from those attending is really important in helping to achieve this and I would encourage race-goers to check out our safety and crime prevention advice before they set off.

"We are working in partnership with Silverstone Circuit to ensure everyone attending has a safe and enjoyable weekend, and will be deploying specialist resources, such as covert officers, overtly armed officers, a surveillance team and dogs to support our police officers, PCSOs, police staff, specials and volunteers who will all also be on duty throughout the weekend.

"As in the last couple of years, because of increased security levels, everyone entering the circuit will be subject to searches of their bags and their person. This inevitably means it takes a little longer to get into the venue, but safety is paramount and people are asked to be patient.

"We are also asking people not to bring or consider flying drones. A two mile flying restriction cordon will be in place around the circuit heliport, which will also take in take in many of the campsites, but the sheer number of people means it would not be safe or legal to fly them even outside the circuit.

"Officers will be looking out for unauthorised use of drones during their regular patrols of the circuit and campsites, and anyone found to be breaking the rules with regard to the relevant legislation will be spoken to and appropriate action taken.

"Those attending can help us keep the event safe by staying vigilant and reporting anything or anyone that looks out of place or suspicious, by calling police on 101."

The traffic management plan for the event is coordinated and delivered by Highways England, supported by Northamptonshire Police, Silverstone Circuits and other partner agencies.

Superintendent Murray added: "A traffic plan will be in place during the event affecting local roads and the A43. Racegoers should check their ticket information and make sure they follow the relevant directions and road signs. Motorists intending to travel through Northamptonshire while the event is taking place should be aware that diversions will be in place and allow extra time for their journey."

Information about the traffic plans and any diversions will be available on the Highways England website and social media pages.

People can stay up-to-date about the policing operation at the event by following @NorthantsPolice on Twitter or by 'liking' Northamptonshire Police on Facebook. They can also find safety advice, security information and crime prevention tips on the Northamptonshire Police website at www.northants.police.uk/silverstone.

More information for racegoers is also available at www.silverstone.co.uk.
