```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police in Northampton are not winding down as we approach Christmas, in fact they have launched a 12 day campaign targeting those people involved in criminality in the town.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "On the first day of Christmas the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-first-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 11:22 13/12/2020
title: "On the first day of Christmas the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you\u2026 | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-first-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
```

Police in Northampton are not winding down as we approach Christmas, in fact they have launched a 12 day campaign targeting those people involved in criminality in the town.

Yesterday, (December 12) officers from the Northampton Neighbourhood Team conducted two drugs warrants as part of a day focussed on tackling those involved in Serious and Organised Crime.

Officers conducted searches of properties in Elysium Terrace, Semilong and Hunters Close, Kingsthorpe, as part of their work to tackle those involved in drug activity.

Sergeant Beth Curlett, from the Northampton Neighbourhood Team, said: "Northamptonshire Police is dedicated to targeting those who commit serious crimes for financial gain. Serious Organised Crime affects our communities on a daily basis and we are seeing an increase in SOC related incidents.

"It is estimated that SOC costs the UK £37 billion annually. The types of crime we see here in Northamptonshire are Class A and B drug dealing, child criminal exploitation, human trafficking and money laundering.

"During our First Day of Christmas operation, we conducted two Misuse of Drugs Act warrants targeting the supply of Class A drugs in and around Northampton. These are two of the many warrants we have conducted recently and we will continue to disrupt and visit those who believe it is acceptable to cause misery in our communities. Enforcement is imperative to bringing offenders to justice and to provide reassurance to our residents that we act upon the intelligence passed to us."

No arrests were made as a result of yesterday's activity, however, officers will continue to work in the area after concerns were raised by the local community.

Sgt Curlett added: "Following yesterday's warrants, local officers conducted patrols in the areas and local residents will have received a letter informing them what we have done and why, along with details of how they can report concerns to the police, or Crimestoppers anonymously.

"As well as enforcement around this crime type, where vulnerability is identified, we will also provide support for those who may be at risk of harm and make referrals to the appropriate safeguarding agencies."
