```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: For the their fifth day of Christmas activity, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) focused on Op Sceptre...
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: On the fifth day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you....
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-fifth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
publish:
  date: 12:14 17/12/2020
title: On the fifth day of Christmas, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team gave to you.... | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/on-the-fifth-day-of-christmas-the-northampton-neighbourhood-policing-team-gave-to-you/
```

For the their fifth day of Christmas activity, the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) focused on Op Sceptre - the Force's priority to prevent and tackle knife crime - and they had some great success.

Officers and Police Community Support Officers were out and about in the community yesterday (Wednesday, December 16), targeting those who are known to carry knives and offering the opportunity to the public to hand in their blades in as part of knife amnesties in several locations.

In total 71 knives were surrendered and many people came to chat to the officers about the dangers of carrying weapons.

Inspector Blaize from the NPT said: "Knife crime is a force priority for us here in Northamptonshire and we are working extremely hard with partners to raise awareness. Today has not only seen our officers engaging with the community, but our amnesties have seen a huge number of knives handed in - preventing them from falling into the wrong hands.

"Our visits to those convicted of a knife crime offence over recent months plays as a stark reminder that our officers will relentlessly tackle the issue of knife crime and if you think you can get away with carrying a blade - be warned that when you get caught, you could face a long time in prison.

"But it is not all about enforcement - we and other agencies are here to help people getting involved in knife crime by offering appropriate advice - for example to those needing help in leaving a gang."

If you need help or advice or are worried about someone you know being involved in knife crime please call 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency.

The team's activity included:

 * 56 knives were surrendered at knife amnesties at Sainsburys Sixfields and Tesco Mereway
 * 15 knives were surrendered at a knife amnesty opposite on Wellingborough Road
 * Disruption visits were made to people convicted of a knife-related crime in Northampton in the last three months. These people were
 * reminded of the dangers of carrying blades and were hand delivered one of our Christmas cards providing signposting details should they need any support moving forward
