```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Another successful policing operation at the Formula 1 British Grand Prix at Silverstone has concluded following a busy weekend and months of planning.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Successful policing operation comes to a close at Silverstone
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/successful-policing-operation-comes-to-a-close-at-silverstone/
publish:
  date: 14:40 15/07/2019
title: Successful policing operation comes to a close at Silverstone | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/successful-policing-operation-comes-to-a-close-at-silverstone/
```

Another successful policing operation at the Formula 1 British Grand Prix at Silverstone has concluded following a busy weekend and months of planning.

The event enjoyed a sell-out crowd, with more than 350,000 people visiting the circuit over the weekend. The policing operation, which started at 7am on Thursday morning, has been extremely wide-ranging, with some 200 officers deployed to duties both inside and outside the circuit over the four days.

In addition to the high-visibility patrols within the circuit, supported by firearms officers and other specialist resources, officers were also out and about in the campsites and car parks as well as patrolling the local area and road network.

There were also many people working behind the scenes providing vital support to the operation, and working alongside partners from Silverstone Circuits, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service, East Midlands Ambulance Service, Highways Agency, Thames Valley Police, the Military and others.

A total of 27 crimes were recorded over the four-day period, which included a number of thefts, an assault and a drugs offence, with five of the crimes recorded dealt with by officers policing the event but were unrelated to Silverstone.

There were 11 arrests, including four arrests on Thursday evening in connection with the suspected theft of items from a trade stand within the Silverstone circuit. Two men were given a conditional police caution for theft and required to leave the site and two others were released with no further action.

Four men were arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon after they were stopped in a vehicle on the A43 in Towcester after being flagged by ANPR cameras. While not related to Silverstone, it demonstrated the positive effect of the road crime operation and ANPR technology in identifying criminals using the county's roads.

A successful road safety operation resulted several vehicles being seized for having no tax or insurance and 39 motorists were issued with Fixed Penalty Notices for Obstruction after parking their vehicles on a grass verge in Dadford Road outside the circuit on Sunday afternoon. The vehicles were recovered and moved to a nearby field to ensure the safety of pedestrians walking to and from the circuit.

Two drones being flown illegally within the flying restriction zone around the circuit were located using specialist detection software. Officers seized the drones and the pilots spoken to and given advice.

Commander for the policing operation, Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "Once again, we've seen a really successful and positive policing operation during an extremely busy weekend at a sold-out event.

"Planning for the operation begins months in advance. It involves a lot of people from many organisations and I'd like to thank everyone who contributed to the smooth running of the operation and helped ensure the safety and security of racegoers, campers, staff and contractors, as well as local residents and road users.

"It's a real team effort and we couldn't do without the support of colleagues from Silverstone Circuits, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service, East Midlands Ambulance Service, Highways Agency, the Military, local authorities and others. We've also been supported by other forces, including Thames Valley Police and our East Midlands regional colleagues.

"I'd also like to thank other colleagues, including response officers, neighbourhood officers and investigators, who were on duty as normal over the weekend, helping to fight crime and keep people safe across the rest of the county.

"Officers enjoy engaging with the crowd and there is always a real buzz around the event. I hope everyone who came to Silverstone in whatever capacity had an enjoyable weekend and of course congratulations to Lewis Hamilton on his sixth win of the British Grand Prix!"
