```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Supt Dennis Murray, policing commander for the north of the county and the Force\u2019s lead on stop and search powers, is moving to a new role with the British Transport Police (BTP)"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing commander for Kettering and Corby takes on new challenge at British Transport Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/policing-commander-for-kettering-and-corby-takes-on-new-challenge-at-british-transport-police/
publish:
  date: 11:02 21/09/2020
title: Policing commander for Kettering and Corby takes on new challenge at British Transport Police | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/policing-commander-for-kettering-and-corby-takes-on-new-challenge-at-british-transport-police/
```

Superintendent Dennis Murray, policing commander for the north of the county and the Force's lead on stop and search powers, is moving to a new role with the British Transport Police (BTP).

Dennis, who joined Northamptonshire Police in 1992 after initially serving as a Special Constable will join BTP as their Temporary Chief Superintendent for Trust, Legitimacy and Community Policing.

This important new posting will see Dennis serve as the Force's 'Champion for Race', helping to shape and inform BTP's approach to legitimacy in the context of community relations focused on race and building positive relationships with railway users, rail staff and retail communities.

In a wide-ranging role, he will also serve as BTP's lead on the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) inquiry into whether police officers racially discriminate against ethnic minorities, particularly around the use of stop and search.

Dennis, who grew up in Corby, has worked in a wide range of postings since finishing his initial two-year probation when he was awarded the Roger Flawn Memorial Cup for best student officer.

He joined CID in 1996, moving to the National Crime Squad in 1999 before returning to the Force to take up a role in Intelligence as an FIO.

In 2004, he became a Hate Crimes Officer, winning the David Ryan Memorial Cup for his engagement work with Muslim communities across Northamptonshire, as well as the Pride in Northamptonshire Award for hard work and determination in developing minority communities.

In 2008, he successfully applied for the High Potential Development Scheme, successfully achieving a Master's degree in Police Management and Leadership, the same year he was promoted to Sergeant working across teams including Community Safety and Response.

Promoted to Inspector in 2011, his career has progressed through the ranks, working as a staff officer to former Chief Constable Adrian Lee as well as Head of Contact in the Force Control Room and Head of Corporate Services where, working in the Force Transformation team, he was tasked to deliver £23m of savings while developing a new Target Operating Model which integrates Police and Fire services.

Dennis, who has been Local Policing Area Commander for the north since its inception last October, is also a Public Order and spontaneous/ pre-planned firearms commander.

Dennis said: "Northamptonshire Police has been a massive part of my life for 30 years. I am excited to be taking up my new role but know I will miss the fantastic people who work tirelessly every day to deliver a great service to the public, especially the officers and staff from the frontline.

"I am grateful for having had the chance to work alongside some of the most dedicated people in policing. I am looking forward to the new challenge and starting a new phase of my career but I have no doubt I will be popping back in every now and then to catch up with friends and colleagues or to share good practice."

DCC Simon Nickless today led tributes to Dennis as he prepares to move to pastures new.

"Dennis has been a tremendous and hard-working servant to Northamptonshire Police over three decades. This secondment will be an an exciting new challenge for him and we wish him well.

"His leadership around the key issue of use of force and, in particular, stop and search, will be invaluable in this new role and I know all his friends and colleagues here in Northamptonshire wish him well."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold, said: "In almost 30 years serving the public of Northamptonshire, Dennis will have touched many lives. His contribution to making this county a safer place will be missed, but his influence on those he has led and worked with will continue to be felt throughout the organisation and I thank him for all that he has done."

Dennis takes up his new posting on November 2, 2020. His replacement will be announced in the coming weeks.

Chief Constable Paul Crowther at BTP, said:

"I am absolutely delighted to welcome Chief Superintendent Dennis Murray to lead this really important work.

"His experience and insight, gained through working extensively with diverse communities to ensure policing is both effective and proportionate, will be a great asset to BTP.

"Dennis demonstrated that he really gets what we are seeking to achieve. He has the personal leadership skills and drive to build upon the work already underway in the Force and to help take us to the next level and beyond.

"I am determined we continue to drive forward our plans to further improve how we deliver policing, making sure we maintain public confidence in all we do, and the pride our people have working for BTP.

"There is much to do, and Dennis will play a vital role in delivering the change we seek."
