```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A father and son have today (Tuesday, January 7) been sentenced to a grand total of 34 years for their involvement in the ram-raid of a Northampton jewellers in the run up to Christmas in 2018.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Father and son sentenced for Northampton jewellers robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/father-and-son-sentenced-for-northampton-jewellers-robbery/
publish:
  date: 16:34 07/01/2020
title: Father and son sentenced for Northampton jewellers robbery | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/jan-20/father-and-son-sentenced-for-northampton-jewellers-robbery/
```

A father and son have today (Tuesday, January 7) been sentenced to a grand total of 34 years for their involvement in the ram-raid of a Northampton jewellers in the run up to Christmas in 2018.

Elliott Burton, aged 49, and Connor Burton, aged 27, were found guilty by a jury at Northampton Crown Court over the raid on Michael Jones Jeweller in Gold Street which happened on December 14, 2018.

At the conclusion of the trial, Elliott Burton, of Drayton Court, Kings Heath, Birmingham, was convicted of conspiring to commit robbery at Michael Jones jewellers and conspiring to rob a jewellers in Wood Street, Swindon. He was sentenced to a total of 20 years.

Connor Burton, of Manilla Road, Birmingham, was convicted of conspiring to commit robbery at Michael Jones jewellers and conspiring to rob a jewellers in Wood Street, Swindon. He was sentenced to a total of 14 years.

In an offence that took place in broad daylight and was captured entirely on CCTV, stunned shoppers watched as a white BMW 1 series car was used to ram the front of the shop, injuring one staff member and one customer.

Five masked men armed with axes, hammers and machetes then went into the store and smashed up display cabinets, stealing high-value Rolex watches and diamond jewellery, before fleeing down the pavement in a car later found burned out.

"The planning of this offence was detailed," commented His Honour Judge Michael Fowler during sentencing. "The staff and customers inside the shop were frightened, terrified - you injured them physically and psychologically and you have fought the matter at every stage, showing no remorse for your actions."

Addressing Elliot Burton directly he said: "You have an appalling record of offending and I am satisfied that you took a leading role in these offences."

Detective Sergeant Alex Lowe, said: "I welcome the lengthy sentences handed out to Elliot Burton and his son Connor today.

"This incident was exceptionally distressing for the staff members and customers inside the shop that day - many of whom still suffer from anxiety because of the incident.

"I hope the conclusion of this matter today will provide them with a sense of justice and allow them to move forward.

"This was a very long and complex investigation, made harder by the frankly ridiculous defences the Burtons tried to come up with during the course of the trial - all of which we were able to disprove.

"I hope these sentences send a clear message to anyone looking to travel to Northamptonshire to commit a crime - we will not tolerate it and you will be caught."

At the end of sentencing, His Honour Judge Michael Fowler commended DS Alex Lowe and DC David Scarth for their "remarkable" investigation and their efforts in securing convictions against Elliot Burton and Connor Burton.

Investigations into a number of other people suspected of involvement in the robbery continue.

## Elliot Burton

## Connor Burton
