```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s been another successful week for police officers in the north of the county as they have once again achieved some fantastic results."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: North Northants cops cracking down on crime harder than ever
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/north-northants-cops-cracking-down-on-crime-harder-than-ever/
publish:
  date: 11:59 09/06/2020
title: North Northants cops cracking down on crime harder than ever | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/north-northants-cops-cracking-down-on-crime-harder-than-ever/
```

It's been another successful week for police officers in the north of the county as they have once again achieved some fantastic results.

On Tuesday, June 2, 52-year-old Robert Rup of Constable Road, Corby, was charged with GBH with intent after a man stabbed a woman in Corby the day before. Thankfully, the woman in question didn't receive life threatening or life changing injuries.

On Wednesday, June 3, a 25-year-old man was stopped in his car and after a drug wipe, was arrested on suspicion of driving over the prescribed limit through drugs. Cannabis was also seized and a nearby property searched in connection with this incident had cash, clothing and jewellery worth £75,000, seized from within.

On Friday, June 5, a silver Vauxhall Astra travelling around Kettering attempted to evade police officers but was stopped a short time later in Highfield Crescent after a pursuit. The 29-year-old man inside was arrested on suspicion of driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence, driving without insurance and possession of cannabis. A search of a nearby property in connection with this incident also saw a large amount of cash and designer goods seized.

On Saturday, June 6, an officer patrolling in Kettering town centre disturbed a drug deal taking place in Green Lane. While one of the men was detained at the scene, the other two made off in a car.

However, they weren't to get very far with officers from the Force's Road Crime Team quickly deployed and safely boxing the pair into a corner with no escape on the A14.

Two men, aged 23 and 34, were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. Drugs were also seized and a property that was subsequently searched in Birmingham in connection with this incident had a significant amount of cash seized from within.

Saturday also saw a 17-year-old boy charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs following an incident in Granville Street, Kettering, where a man and a boy had a physical altercation inside a newsagents.

On the same day, a small cannabis factory was discovered and dismantled in Portland Road, Rushden.

On Sunday, June 7, two men were seen to be cutting the chains off two bicycles using bolt croppers in George Street, Corby, and stealing them. Following a quick response by two of the town's PCSOs, the bicycles were recovered and two men were arrested.

Florin Dumitru Mantu, 47, of Cresswell Walk, Corby and Razvan Vasile Vulpescu, 29, of no fixed abode, were both charged with theft in connection with this incident.

On the same day, another cannabis factory was discovered in Thorpe Street, Raunds, and dismantled.

Detective Chief Inspector Andy Rogers, said: "The energy in our team at the moment is so high and because of that, the results just keep coming in.

"From charging people who steal bicycles to seizing hundreds of thousands of pounds in suspected drug money, we are unwavering in our desire to make it crystal clear that criminals in all forms are not welcome here.

"To those people who think committing crime here is a legitimate way to make money, my message is this - none of the people we arrested or charged last week thought we'd catch up with them.

"None of them knew we were watching them or collecting intelligence on them and it is the same with you. One day your luck will run out and we'll be there to bring you to justice.

"Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our local communities in North Northamptonshire who are really supportive of the work we do and continue to provide us with that vital community intelligence we need to tackle the issues affecting them, fight crime and protect people."
