```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A new office base in the Corby Cube for Northamptonshire Police has opened today (Friday 20 September) meaning that response officers will now be spending more time in and around the town.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Corby response base now open
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-corby-response-base-now-open/
publish:
  date: 17:30 20/09/2019
title: New Corby response base now open | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-corby-response-base-now-open/
```

A new office base in the Corby Cube for Northamptonshire Police has opened today (Friday 20 September) meaning that response officers will now be spending more time in and around the town.

Response officers will now be using a drop in base at the Corby Cube in George Street, alongside police officers and PCSOs from the town's Neighbourhood Policing Team, who have moved across the road from their old base in Deene House.

Corby Cube already houses the Police Enquiry Desk on the first floor of the council building, which is open for the public to visit and get advice, report incidents and traffic collisions or enquire about property amongst other things.

Bringing the police resources together under one roof in a central location will help to increase the responsiveness and visibility of the Force in Corby and the surrounding villages and is a response to changing circumstances and crime patterns in the county.

This local focus will be further enhanced next month, when Northamptonshire Police moves to a new structure and the creation of two territorial policing areas: Northamptonshire North covering Corby, East Northants, Kettering and Wellingborough and Northamptonshire West, covering Daventry, Northampton and South Northamptonshire.

The new model will improve the Force's efficiency and effectiveness and strengthen local partnerships, putting the focus firmly back on the community.

The move to the Corby Cube will be an interim one while work takes place to create a new joint police and fire hub on the site of the town's existing Corby Fire Station in Phoenix Parkway.

Nick Adderley, Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police, said: "Better connecting our police officers with our communities was a commitment I made when I was appointed as the Chief Constable of Northamptonshire Police and so I'm really pleased to get a response base back in Corby.

"I know how much this means to the people in Corby who, alongside the local reporters at the Northants Telegraph, have campaigned hard for a more visible presence in the town.

"Problem-solving and visibility at a local level is really important to me because this is how we can most effectively gather the invaluable community intelligence that helps us fight crime and protect people.

"I hope this move not only helps to improve public confidence and reassurance within the town but also demonstrates that we are a police force that listens to our communities' concerns.

"I'm grateful to the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for his support and shared vision to deliver the best police service we can. "

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, said: "The Chief Constable's new policing model will mean that Northamptonshire Police will provide a truly local response to local problems and is visible and accessible in the community it serves. That can only be a very good move and one that has my wholehearted support.

"We plan to create a joint police and fire hub on the site of the fire station as soon as we can, to provide a true response and neighbourhood base that supports the delivery of high-quality services to the people of Corby. Co-locating police and fire will make it efficient and affordable which is very important and allow us to focus resources on the officers and staff who keep us safe, rather than the buildings they occupy."
