```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The policing operation for the 2019 F1 Grand Prix began today, Thursday, July 11, and officers are issuing warnings about the use of flares and drones, and are asking everyone travelling to the circuit over the weekend to behave responsibly and consider the safety of themselves and others.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Security advice for racegoers as policing operation gets underway for the 2019 F1 Grand Prix at Silverstone
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/security-advice-for-racegoers-as-policing-operation-gets-underway-for-the-2019-f1-grand-prix-at-silverstone/
publish:
  date: 16:25 12/07/2019
title: Security advice for racegoers as policing operation gets underway for the 2019 F1 Grand Prix at Silverstone | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/security-advice-for-racegoers-as-policing-operation-gets-underway-for-the-2019-f1-grand-prix-at-silverstone/
```

The policing operation for the 2019 F1 Grand Prix began yesterday, Thursday, July 11, and officers are issuing warnings about the use of flares and drones, and asking everyone travelling to the circuit over the weekend to behave responsibly and consider the safety of themselves and others.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, the event commander for Northamptonshire Police, said: "Our main aim this weekend is to make sure that everyone coming to this event is kept safe and leaves the circuit having had a good time.

"With that aim in mind, today I want to issue advice to those people who may be thinking of bringing flares, smoke bombs or pyrotechnics to Silverstone.

"These devices are illegal, can be very dangerous and can endanger your own life as well as the lives of other people. It is important for those attending to remember that to enter the circuit with any of these devices will result in you being arrested and unable to enjoy what is set to be a great event."

"We are also asking people not to bring or consider flying drones. A two mile flying restriction cordon will be in place around the circuit heliport, which will also take in take in many of the campsites, but the sheer number of people means it would not be safe or legal to fly them even outside the circuit.

"We will have officers on patrol all weekend, at the circuit, campsites and in the local area, and they will be looking out for unauthorised use of drones. Anyone found to be breaking the rules with regard to the relevant legislation will be spoken to and appropriate action taken, which could include seizure of the drone and arrest.

Pickpockets often operate at large sporting events and Superintendent Murray is encouraging those attending to be aware of their surroundings and their property and to report anything suspicious to police.

He said: "I'd advise people to stay aware of their surroundings and who is around them when they are paying for things. Don't take more money than you need; there are cash points on site or you can pay for items on your card. Secure your bag when you're walking around and stay vigilant."

If you see anything suspicious at the circuit during this weekend's events, report it to a nearby police officer or alternatively call 101. In an emergency, always dial 999.

Visit www.northants.police.uk/silverstone, follow @NorthantsPolice on Twitter or 'like' Northamptonshire Police on Facebook for up-to-date information during the weekend.
