```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers investigating a robbery outside Wellingborough Train Station which took place in December are appealing for help to trace a taxi driver.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Wellingborough robbery investigation: Appeal for taxi driver'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/appeals/2021/january-21/wellingborough-robbery-investigation-appeal-for-taxi-driver/
publish:
  date: 13:24 11/01/2021
title: 'Wellingborough robbery investigation: Appeal for taxi driver | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/appeals/2021/january-21/wellingborough-robbery-investigation-appeal-for-taxi-driver/
```

Police officers investigating a robbery outside Wellingborough Train Station which took place in December are appealing for help to trace a taxi driver.

The incident took place between 10.55pm and 11.05pm, on Friday, December 18, when a 19-year-old man got off the train and was asked by another man, who was sat on a nearby bench, for a cigarette.

The teenager refused, and the man started to chase him, causing him to fall over, at which the man then threatened him with a knife and demanded he hand over his bag.

The teenager refused and the man took it and walked off towards the station. He is described as white, aged 20-24, 5ft 9in, of a slim build with blond hair which was in cornrow braids. He was wearing a blue jacket, blue jeans and trainers.

Then, shortly after midnight on Saturday, December 19, a man, along with two females, was picked up from an address in Irthlingborough by a taxi, which was then stopped by police officers as it travelled along Irthlingborough Road North in Wellingborough.

A stop and search of the three passengers was carried out, and a 20-year-old man from Kettering was arrested on suspicion of robbery. He has been release on police bail pending further enquiries.

Officers would like to speak to the taxi driver, who they believe may be able to assist with the investigation, and are therefore appealing for him to contact them as a matter of urgency.

The taxi driver or anyone who knows his identity is asked to call Northamptonshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 20000668993. Or alternatively, if you wish to stay anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
