```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A hard-hitting film produced to raise awareness of the dangers of online grooming has been shortlisted for two international awards.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Breck\u2019s Last Game shortlisted for international awards"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/brecks-last-game-shortlisted-for-international-awards/
publish:
  date: 12:47 11/09/2019
title: "Breck\u2019s Last Game shortlisted for international awards | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/brecks-last-game-shortlisted-for-international-awards/
```

A hard-hitting film produced to raise awareness of the dangers of online grooming has been shortlisted for two international awards.

Breck's Last Game has been nominated for prizes at the Cannes Corporate Media & TV Awards and the London Film Awards.

The film - which is part of an innovative collaboration between Northamptonshire Police, Leicestershire Police, Surrey Police and Essex Police - tells the story of online gamer Breck Bednar and has received more than 2.3 million views since it launched online.

The 14-year-old was murdered in 2014 after being groomed online by fellow gamer Lewis Daynes.

Daynes lured Breck to his flat in Essex, having told Breck he would hand over control of a fictional computer business. In 2015, Daynes was sentenced to a minimum of 25 years in prison for killing Breck.

The production, which lasts just over four minutes, was made by Affixxius Films in Loughborough and has been shortlisted in the Fundraising, Non-Profit at CSR category at the Cannes awards on 26 September as well as in multiple categories at the London Film Awards on 21 November.

Northamptonshire Police's Assistant Chief Constable, James Andronov said: "Breck's Last Game is a unique film which was made as the result of an innovative, four-force collaboration, with the aim of protecting children from online harm.

"It is an important learning tool and has been rolled out in schools across Northamptonshire and other parts of the UK and beyond - it has even been shown to children and young people in Australia. The interest Breck's Last Game has had since it was launched has been phenomenal and its key messages have been delivered to thousands.

"It is a credit to everyone involved in the film's creation that Breck's Last Game has been shortlisted for two international awards.

"Our message remains clear - we won't tolerate the exploitation of young people and we will continue to safeguard children and bring offenders to justice."

Breck's mum, Lorin LaFave plays herself in the film. She said: "I am so proud of the collective hard work that has gone into creating Breck's Last Game.

"We are so pleased that our combined passion and perseverance to protect young people from online harm is being recognised, as there is no greater importance than educating young people about the risks they face as they navigate towards adulthood.

"Many thanks to all involved for the commitment to prevent children from being groomed, exploited and harmed by online predators.

"Together we are empowering young people to contemplate 'Do you really know your online friends?'"
