```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Police officers have executed a number of warrants focused on child protection with vulnerable youngsters safeguarded from as far as The Philippines.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Child protection warrants safeguard vulnerable youngsters from as far as the Philippines
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/child-protection-warrants-safeguard-vulnerable-youngsters-from-as-far-as-the-philippines/
publish:
  date: 14:38 18/08/2020
title: Child protection warrants safeguard vulnerable youngsters from as far as the Philippines | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/child-protection-warrants-safeguard-vulnerable-youngsters-from-as-far-as-the-philippines/
```

Police officers have executed a number of warrants focused on child protection with vulnerable youngsters safeguarded from as far as The Philippines.

Last week, the Paedophile Online Investigation Team (POLIT) executed two warrants for possession of Category A indecent images of children. One man was arrested as a result.

A further six warrants were then executed later in the week with six arrests made as a result - three for possession of Category C indecent images of children, two for attempting to incite sexual activity with a child and one for arranging to facilitate child sex offences involving travel abroad.

The latter resulted in one adult, nine children based in the UK, and two children based in The Philippines all being safeguarded.

A number of drugs warrants were also undertaken last week with three in Northampton, three in Corby and one in Irthlingborough, resulting in the seizure of Class A drugs and multiple arrests and cautions for drugs offences.

Detective Superintendent Tony Hopkins from the Force's Intelligence Bureau, said: "There is not a lot in this world that is more important than protecting children and Northamptonshire Police takes this duty exceptionally seriously.

"Through our POLIT warrants last week, we managed to safeguard a number of vulnerable children, including two from The Philippines, showing the international reach of our safeguarding response.

"I am also pleased with the arrests we made in connection with these child sex offences - crimes such as this are abhorrent and we will do everything we can to take the people who commit them off our streets."
