```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: More than 2000 people flocked to an emergency services event in Daventry, to enjoy a day of demonstrations and summer fun.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thousands attend emergency services fun day in Daventry
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/thousands-attend-emergency-services-fun-day-in-daventry/
publish:
  date: 10:46 08/08/2019
title: Thousands attend emergency services fun day in Daventry | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/thousands-attend-emergency-services-fun-day-in-daventry/
```

More than 2000 people flocked to an emergency services event in Daventry, to enjoy a day of demonstrations and summer fun.

The Emergency Services Fun Day was held yesterday (Wednesday) at Danetre and Southbrook Learning Village in Hawke Road, where visitors enjoyed entertainments ranging from face-painting and yoga for children, to demonstrations, stalls and refreshments.

The day was hosted by members of the Daventry District and South Northamptonshire Community Safety Partnership, which includes Northamptonshire Police, Daventry District Council and Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service.

Stands included a presence by the Blue Butterfly project (a scheme which encourages children to talk to trusted adults if they have suffered bullying, domestic violence or other forms of abuse).

Andy Evans, from the joint (police and fire) Arson Task Force, who was among the organisers, said: "The day has been a terrific success and we are so impressed with just how many people turned out from the local community to support it.
"I would like to thank everyone who has been involved with the event including the school who let us use this site as a venue and every individual and organisation who worked hard to make this day such a positive experience for everyone."

Visitors not only had the opportunity to play games and enjoy free food given out by the Rapid Relief Team, but also to pick up safety information linked to subjects such as fire and water safety. In total, 1300 free burgers were given out.

Young people visiting the fun day were also able to speak to find out more about the work of the Northamptonshire Emergency Services Cadets.

There was also plenty of opportunity for people to witness demonstrations by Police and Fire as well as the chance to see emergency service vehicles up close.

PCSO Kirsten Bates said: "It is really impressive how many of our Daventry families have attended. We work with many families in schools, so it means a lot that so many have come out to support us today. This event has put some sunshine in people's lives, during the holidays, while sending the community the message that we are always here to help."

Organisations including Solve It, GYM (Guiding Young Minds), Daventry Leisure Centre, Community First Responders and the School Nurses Team also attended, while music was provided by Daventry Radio.
