```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Over 500 cannabis plants were seized from an address in East Northamptonshire yesterday (Tuesday, June 30) after a warrant was executed at a property.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Relentless \u2013 another cannabis factory discovered and dismantled"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/relentless--another-cannabis-factory-discovered-and-dismantled/
publish:
  date: 14:25 01/07/2020
title: "Relentless \u2013 another cannabis factory discovered and dismantled | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/relentless--another-cannabis-factory-discovered-and-dismantled/
```

* **Six-bedroom house in East Northants packed with Class B drugs**
 * **Over 500 plants worth half a million pounds seized by police officers**
 * **48-year-old man charged**
 * **Seized fans and equipment donated to local hospital**
 * **Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant - "We will continue to be relentless in tackling the production of illegal drugs."**

Over 500 cannabis plants worth half a million pounds were seized from an address in East Northamptonshire yesterday (Tuesday, June 30) after a warrant was executed at a property.

The six-bedroom house in Denford Road, Ringstead, was packed with a total of 501 cannabis plants spread across the six bedrooms, dining room and living room.

The plants, thought to be worth £500,000, were seized by officers with the fans donated to Kettering General Hospital and the compost, bamboo canes, water butt and fertiliser donated to the local allotment society.

Hai Huy Tran, 48, of No Fixed Abode, has been charged with producing cannabis in connection with the discovery.

Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Leigh Françoise Goodwin, said: "Firstly, I would like to thank the community who provided us with the vital local intelligence needed to secure and execute this warrant.

"A lot of people may think that the production of cannabis and the selling of drugs is a victimless crime, but what people don't realise is that the people at the top of the chain will often exploit vulnerable people and put them to work in these factories, using them to make money with no thought for their welfare.

"We will continue to be relentless in tackling the production of illegal drugs and I would urge the community to keep reporting suspicious activity to us. This case yesterday is a prime example of how you and your local police force can work together to tackle the issues affecting your local area.

"Finally my message to those who may think of setting up illegal drug factories in Northamptonshire is this - our direction from our Chief Constable at the moment is that proactive policing is key, and that clear direction is not going to change.

"We will continue to gather intelligence, the community will continue to tell us what they know, we will continue to execute warrants and though it wasn't your door yesterday, it might be tomorrow."
