```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 14:19 05/01/2021
title: Latest list of drivers named as part of winter drink and drug driving campaign | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/january-21/latest-list-of-drivers-named-as-part-of-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Northamptonshire Police is naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign to tackle offending over the Christmas and New Year period.

**Wednesday, December 30:**

• A 53-year-old man from Weekley, near Kettering, was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 24-year-old man of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol and other offences after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

**Thursday, December 31:**

• A 41-year-old man from Northampton, was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation pending the results of a blood test.

• A 37-year-old man from Northampton, was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

**Friday, January 1:**

• A 34-year-old man from Northampton, was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of alcohol after being stopped by officers. He has been released under investigation while enquiries are completed.

• Renata Kubus, aged 25, of Princess Road East, Leicester, was charged with driving whilst over the prescribed limit after being stopped by officers. She will appear before Northampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 26.

To report suspected drink or drug driving in confidence, call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or call Northamptonshire Police on 101. In an emergency, call 999.
