```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police will be naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign (1-30 June) to tackle offending over the summer period.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Warning: Police to name drink and drug drivers this summer'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/warning-police-to-name-drink-and-drug-drivers-this-summer/
publish:
  date: 10:31 31/05/2019
title: 'Warning: Police to name drink and drug drivers this summer | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/may-19/warning-police-to-name-drink-and-drug-drivers-this-summer/
```

Northamptonshire Police will be naming drivers charged with drink or drug driving as part of a month-long campaign (1-30 June) to tackle offending over the summer period.

The Force ran a similar campaign over Christmas where everyone caught drink or drug driving was named on the Northamptonshire Police website and across social media.

The court results from that campaign are still being released as and when offenders appear in court.

PC Mo Allsopp-Clarke from the Safer Roads Team, said: "Our campaign to name drivers charged with drink or drug driving over the Christmas period went down a storm with the public.

"The majority of people know how selfish and dangerous it is to take the risk of driving under the influence and though we promote the same message every year, I guarantee that there will be some who will ignore it. This summer, their names will be published on our website and across social media.

"Do you want to be stopped, arrested, taken to the cells, charged and forced to appear before court? Do you want your friends, family and employers to know that you're a drink or drug driver? If the answer is no, the message is simple - do not drive under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

"There really is no excuse to drive under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Public transport and taxis are readily available and if your excuse is a lack of money, then why are you out drinking in the first place?"

Officers carry out breath tests throughout the year, but with more people out drinking over the summer period, increased patrols and checks will be carried out. These will include early morning operations, when people may be driving after consuming alcohol the previous night.

The move to name drivers charged with these offences is being backed by the Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance which is a partnership made up of Northamptonshire Police, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service (NFRS), The Office of the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner (OPFCC) and Northamptonshire Highways representing Northamptonshire County Council, who work together on initiatives to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on Northamptonshire's roads and to make the county's roads safer.

Chair of the NFRS, Chief Superintendent Mick Stamper, said: "Police officers are all too familiar with the consequences of drink and drug driving.

"It only takes one second to have a fatal collision and the chances of having one when you're driving under the influence increases significantly.

"The NFRS works together to reduce fatal collisions on the County's roads and we are pleased to see this campaign take a hard-line on the issue of drink and drug driving as we hope it'll make people think twice and make our roads safer as a result."

If you are lucky enough not to kill or seriously injure someone by drink or drug driving, or you simply don't care whether you hurt someone or not, think about whether you can afford to be caught? A conviction for drink or drug driving could mean a prison sentence, a driving ban, and an unlimited fine.

Not a drop, not a drag - Even very small amounts of alcohol or drugs affect your driving and could cause a devastating crash. To keep yourself and others safe, never drink any alcohol or take any illegal drugs before driving: not a drop, not a drag. The only safe limit is none.

Plan ahead - Always make sure you have a safe way to get home if you're going out drinking, on foot if there's a safe route, or by public transport or taxi.

Speak out - You don't have to be confrontational to speak out to someone who's thinking about drink or drug driving. You can talk to them in a friendly way, explaining why it's a bad idea to get behind the wheel. If they are insistent on driving you should call the police.

The morning after - Make sure you've completely got rid of any alcohol or drugs from your system before driving. Many drink and drug drivers are caught the next day. Drinking coffee, sleeping, or having a shower don't help you sober up, only time.

Medication - It's not just illegal drugs that make you unsafe to drive. Some medicines, such as strong pain killers and anti-depressants, are extremely dangerous to drive on. Even over-the-counter medicines such as some hay fever medication can impair your driving.

To report suspected drink or drug driving in confidence, call the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174615 or dial 101. In an emergency, call 999.
