```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire residents are being reminded that police officers would never call and ask them to move or withdraw money from their bank, after four courier fraud cases were reported this week.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Scam warning issued over bogus police officer fraud cases
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/scam-warning-issued-over-bogus-police-officer-fraud-cases/
publish:
  date: 11:58 19/02/2021
title: Scam warning issued over bogus police officer fraud cases | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2021/february-21/scam-warning-issued-over-bogus-police-officer-fraud-cases/
```

Northamptonshire residents are being reminded that police officers would never call and ask them to move or withdraw money from their bank, after four courier fraud cases were reported this week.

In each scam the victims were cold called by someone who identified themselves as a police officer and told them to go to their bank and withdraw money.

Two victims - one in Kettering and one in west Northamptonshire - did so, with the cash then collected by a 'courier' that the caller had arranged.

Both of these victims were then targeted in the same way the following day, losing a total of £8,000 to the fraudsters.

A further two victims, one in Blisworth and another in Northampton, were targeted in a similar way on Wednesday and Thursday, but thankfully neither fell for the scam and did not hand any money over.

All four cases are now being investigated by Northamptonshire Police's Economic Crime Unit.

To help protect people from this kind of scam, detectives are urging people to never give out financial details if they are cold-called by people claiming to be from the police or other official bodies.

If you have elderly or vulnerable relatives or friends, please take the time to share this message with them to help prevent them falling victim to fraud in this way.

**Advice for avoiding courier fraud:**

 * Neither the police, your bank or any other trusted organisation will ever ask you to withdraw cash from your account, or move money to a safe account, or send someone to collect money from you
 * Never disclose any personal or financial information as a result of an unexpected call
 * If you are unsure as to the identity of a caller, end the call, and call back the organisation on a trusted number you have obtained yourself
 * Please report all such incidents to Northamptonshire Police by calling 101 or online at northants.police.uk
