```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Northampton investigating allegations of non-recent sexual abuse are re-appealing for people to come forward with any information which could assist the inquiry.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation into non-recent sexual abuse linked to Abington Street, Northampton - re-appeal for information
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/investigation-into-non-recent-sexual-abuse-linked-to-abington-street-northampton---re-appeal-for-information/
publish:
  date: 11:23 27/07/2020
title: Investigation into non-recent sexual abuse linked to Abington Street, Northampton - re-appeal for information | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/investigation-into-non-recent-sexual-abuse-linked-to-abington-street-northampton---re-appeal-for-information/
```

Detectives in Northampton investigating allegations of non-recent sexual abuse are re-appealing for people to come forward with any information which could assist the inquiry.

An investigation was launched last month after police received reports of sexual abuse against young people which originated from the statue at the top of Abington Street where young people would gather.

Detective Chief Inspector Adam Pendlebury, the officer overseeing the investigation said: "We've had a really positive response to our previous appeals and I'd like to commend the bravery of those who came forward.

"I am re-appealing for anybody else with information about non-recent child abuse emanating from the statue at the top of Abington Street, believed to have taken place between 2006 - 2016, to get in touch.

"This takes immense courage and I can reassure all victims of non-recent abuse they will be treated with the utmost sensitivity. I'd also like to highlight the help and support available which is listed below.

"Finally, I must remind people this is now a criminal investigation and should not be discussed on public forums or with others as this could jeopardise the case."

Anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse is encouraged to contact police on 101. If you're not comfortable speaking to someone initially, you can report online at www.northants.police.uk/ro.

**Northamptonshire Police will do all we can to bring offenders of sexual abuse to justice and will treat all reports with the utmost confidence and sensitivity.**

**Incident number:** 542 of 27/06/20

**Help and Support**

Northamptonshire Rape Crisis (NRC)

Northamptonshire Rape Crisis offers confidential counselling, advice and advocacy on rape, incest and sexual abuse.

Serenity

Serenity offers a sensitive and confidential service to anyone in Northamptonshire who has been a victim of rape or serious sexual assault.

Voice

Voice is a free and confidential support service for victims and witnesses of crime.
