```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police has launched a brand-new burglary pack as part of Operation Crooked.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northamptonshire Police launches brand-new burglary pack
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/northamptonshire-police-launches-brand-new-burglary-pack/
publish:
  date: 11:05 13/09/2019
title: Northamptonshire Police launches brand-new burglary pack | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/northamptonshire-police-launches-brand-new-burglary-pack/
```

Northamptonshire Police has launched a brand-new burglary pack as part of Operation Crooked.

Operation Crooked is Northamptonshire Police's campaign to reduce burglary - a top priority for the Force. As part of the operation, the Burglary Team, which sits within CID, ensure that every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police.

They are also working to review and drive-up the quality of investigations, manage and progress forensic hits, hunt down wanted people, organise police patrols in areas of concern and gather intelligence to prevent burglaries before they happen.

The brand-new burglary pack, which will be given out to all victims of burglary across Northamptonshire, contains a home security guide, victim support service information and vouchers for police-approved security products.

Crime Prevention Team Leader, Paul Golley, said: "Operation Crooked is not only about arresting, charging and convicting Northamptonshire's burglars, but also about ensuring that victims of burglary across the County know they are a priority to their local police force.

"Our new burglary pack, funded by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, is a really smart bit of kit that contains really useful information on every aspect of your home security and what you can do to make your home safer.

"I hope people across Northamptonshire have a look at what we've created for them, follow our advice and make it even harder for burglars in this County to get away with their crimes."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, said: "People told me that they wanted a better response to burglary from Northamptonshire Police and I was pleased to be able to support the Chief Constable in making household burglary a top priority for the Force.

"The officers and staff working on Operation Crooked have been achieving significant results in reducing crime and targeting criminals and I am happy that I could give them the tools to help people do their bit to keep their property safe and prevent crime from happening."
