```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: 'A new campaign called #NorthantsTogether has been launched today (Thursday 02 April) to help share local information and advice about COVID-19.'
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '#NorthantsTogether campaign'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/northantstogether-campaign/
publish:
  date: 18:30 02/04/2020
title: '#NorthantsTogether campaign | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/northantstogether-campaign/
```

A new campaign called #NorthantsTogether has been launched today (Thursday 02 April) to help share local information and advice about COVID-19.

Across Northamptonshire, a wide range of organisations and individuals are working really hard to help our communities during the outbreak and keep people safe. Many of these organisations are now beginning to use the shared hashtag #NorthantsTogether in their messaging to demonstrate the scope of activity and support available across the county.

These organisations include health services, local councils, the police, the fire and rescue service, as well as care providers, community groups, voluntary and charitable organisations and education providers.

Regular updates and information related to COVID-19 are being issued to the public from a variety of sources including; health and government advice, latest regulations and guidance, details of the community support available, as well as changes and amendments to local services.

Our approach is to help our communities to link together locally. By using the shared hashtag #NorthantsTogether or by referring to it in our communications, it will make it easier for local people to identify local messages and discover what support and information is available in the county, and how the vulnerable are being cared for. We know not everyone will have access to social media, so while we will use this as a hashtag for social media, it's a way of showing we will all work together to support Northants Together!

Toby Sanders, Chief Executive of NHS Northamptonshire CCG and Chair of the Strategic Co-ordinating Group said: "The #NorthantsTogether campaign is a great way to share the incredible work going on across Northamptonshire. People have really stepped up and pulled together to help our communities during this enormously challenging time.

"There are so many organisations and individuals doing their bit to help, which is fantastic. Through #NorthantsTogether we can share important local information and advice and help people find and access the range of support on offer.

"In addition, we want to use this campaign to show our appreciation of key workers, who are working so very hard to keep the system going. We also want to recognise and thank the people of Northamptonshire for the massive part they are playing in reducing the spread of coronavirus in the county. We are all in this together - #NorthantsTogether".

Lucy Wightman, Director of Public Health Northamptonshire, said: "There is a significant amount of activity happening within the county and I'm pleased that people will be able to keep up to date with the latest local advice and support through the #NorthantsTogether hashtag, particularly during this period of social distancing.

"The social distancing measures in place to delay the spread of the virus are vitally important. They remain the best way to protect the most vulnerable in our communities.

"I want to thank the people of Northamptonshire for their support with this.
"We really need our communities to continue to fully follow the Government's social distancing and social isolation advice. It will make a huge difference in reducing the number of cases in the county and in reducing the number of deaths.

"Unfortunately we don't know how long these measures will need to be in place but I anticipate it will be some time yet before they can be relaxed. I urge the public to continue to do their bit and adhere to the advice and guidance they've been given and stay at home as much as possible."

Cllr Matthew Golby, Leader of Northamptonshire County Council said: "We are very pleased to be part of the #NorthantsTogether campaign. It is a great way to co-ordinate information and help the people in our towns and villages identify and learn about what's available to support them, and to keep up to date with changes in services under one hashtag.

"The campaign is also an ideal way to share the amazing work of the hundreds of community groups and volunteers who are working with us to provide community resilience and make sure that care and support is in place for the isolated and vulnerable. We have lots of local heroes in Northamptonshire and #NorthantsTogether is a brilliant way to recognise and celebrate them."
