```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to 21 years for rape offences and a string of serious sexual assaults.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Remorseless rapist given 21 year sentence
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/remorseless-rapist-given-21-year-sentence/
publish:
  date: 13:24 18/11/2020
title: Remorseless rapist given 21 year sentence | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/remorseless-rapist-given-21-year-sentence/
```

A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to 21 years for rape offences and a string of serious sexual assaults.

Samuel Hamilton, from Hartley Road in Birmingham, was sentenced yesterday at Nottingham Crown Court for a total of 11 offences including two rapes, one attempted rape, one sexual assault by penetration and further sexual assaults of four girls aged under 16.

Hamilton was found guilty after detectives from West Midlands, Derbyshire and Northamptonshire Police each conducted their own investigations. It emerged that Hamilton had offended across all three counties between 2018 and 2020. None of his victims were known to each other.

Summing up, His Honour Judge James Sampson said: "Each rape was opportunistic and you clearly showed no remorse," before handing him an extended sentence of 21 years, of which he will serve 16 in prison and a further five years on licence.

Hamilton will be placed on the Sex Offenders' Register for life and has been issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order until further notice.

Detective Dan Hayes, who led the investigation for Northamptonshire Police said: "I am very pleased with this sentence, which will give Samuel Hamilton plenty of time to think about the consequences of his actions.

"I would like to thank the victims for their immense bravery in coming forward, giving evidence and putting themselves through what has been a lengthy trial.

"While this sentence can never undo what happened, I hope they will find some comfort in knowing justice has been served and Hamilton is now behind bars and unable to find more victims.

"He is without doubt a dangerous, predatory man who has shown no remorse for his actions or the impact they have had on his victims, which will be felt for a very long time.

"I'd like to end by thanking all the officers involved in this trial, the prosecution barrister and the Crown Prosecution Service who have spent countless hours working hard in an effort to ensure these victims were able to get some justice and hopefully some closure".
