```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Chief Constable Nick Adderley today unveiled his latest annual report on Northamptonshire Police as he begins his third year in charge of the Force.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Chief\u2019s Annual Report looks back on the challenges and successes of the past year and what lies ahead for the Force in the next 12 months."
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/chiefs-annual-report-looks-back-on-the-challenges-and-successes-of-the-past-year-and-what-lies-ahead-for-the-force-in-the-next-12-months/
publish:
  date: 09:25 06/08/2020
title: "Chief\u2019s Annual Report looks back on the challenges and successes of the past year and what lies ahead for the Force in the next 12 months. | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/chiefs-annual-report-looks-back-on-the-challenges-and-successes-of-the-past-year-and-what-lies-ahead-for-the-force-in-the-next-12-months/
```

Chief Constable Nick Adderley today unveiled his latest annual report on Northamptonshire Police as he begins his third year in charge of the Force.

The report highlights the achievements of the past 12 months, acknowledging the significant additional challenges posed by the Covid-19 pandemic, while also looking ahead to what Northamptonshire Police will deliver for the communities it serves going into 2021.

Mr Adderley's report points to a number of key steps forward during the past 12 months including:

 * The creation of a new and more effective policing model for the county based on two Local Policing Areas (Northamptonshire North and West)
 * The opening of a new state-of-the-art training centre, Giffard House, in Northampton
 * Record numbers of would-be officers applying to join Northamptonshire Police
 * Significant reductions year-on-year falls in certain crime types, notably burglary (31 per cent), vehicle crime (16.8 per cent) and theft (12.1 per cent)

Overall public confidence - measured in terms of victim satisfaction - in the service in Northamptonshire is at its highest level for nearly three years.

The Force has also captured national headlines, ranging from being the first to commit to training every frontline officer with Taser, to operational successes such as Operation Stock, a complex investigation into illegal sheep butchery which led to the conviction of three people, sentenced to a total of 11 years, in May.

Mr Adderley also sets out in his report his ambitions for the next 12 months, working alongside the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold.

These include improving further the Force's digital capabilities and focusing further additional resources on priority areas, in particular roads policing and knife crime.

And 2021 will also see a significant addition to the Force estate with the opening of a new joint police and fire facility near Wellingborough.

He states: "As I reflect on my second year as Chief Constable of this Force, I feel very proud of the efforts of all our people who have worked exceptionally hard again to serve the people of this county.

"This remains an exciting time for Northamptonshire Police and I am incredibly proud to be a part of it and to have the chance to meet so many members of the community, see the great work being delivered and to listen to the public as they talk so supportively of the Force."

You can read the Chief Constable's Annual Report here: https://bit.ly/2DpsGAi
