```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Drivers planning to attend a car cruising event in Northamptonshire this weekend are being advised the police use of dispersal powers will mean it\u2019s not worth the journey."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car enthusiasts warned against attending cruising event
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/car-enthusiasts-warned-against-attending-cruising-event/
publish:
  date: 08:18 03/07/2020
title: Car enthusiasts warned against attending cruising event | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/car-enthusiasts-warned-against-attending-cruising-event/
```

Drivers planning to attend a car cruising event in Northamptonshire this weekend are being advised the police use of dispersal powers will mean it's not worth the journey.

Northamptonshire Police is aware of a possible event planned on public roads and retail parks in the Corby area on Saturday, July 4.

If an unauthorised gathering does take place anywhere, officers will use dispersal powers under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 to move people on and prevent the event going ahead.

Police can also use section 50 of the Police Reform Act 2002 to compel anyone acting in an anti-social manner to provide their name and address.

Inspector Robert Offord, of the Kettering and Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Unauthorised events on public roads aren't just illegal, they can be unsafe and put participants and spectators at significant risk of collisions and injury.

"However, even with static displays, meetings at the current time with large gatherings are not permitted due to government regulations to control the ongoing public health emergency.

"At a time where localise lockdowns have been seen in other areas, we don't want any town in Northamptonshire to have to go through a further lockdown caused by a spread of Covid-19 due to gatherings such as these.

"We can't allow this sort of gathering. If an event does take shape here, our Safer Roads Team and the Corby Neighbourhood Policing Team will be taking firm action to move anyone attending on.

"If anyone is caught driving unlawfully, they will be prosecuted, and participants could be issued with fixed penalty notices for gathering under COVID regulations."

Anyone with information about such events of this nature is encouraged to call Northamptonshire Police on 101, or if there is an immediate threat to life, call 999 in an emergency.
