```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Members of the Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance (NSRA) will be among the virtual congregation at a special service this Sunday (November 15), to remember those who have lost their lives on our roads
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special online service to remember road traffic victims
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/special-online-service-to-remember-road-traffic-victims/
publish:
  date: 15:49 12/11/2020
title: Special online service to remember road traffic victims | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/special-online-service-to-remember-road-traffic-victims/
```

Members of the Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance (NSRA) will be among the virtual congregation at a special service this Sunday (November 15), to remember those who have lost their lives on our roads

This year marks the 25th anniversary of World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims, and like most events in 2020, due to the Covid-19 restrictions the service will be broadcast online.

Chair of the NSRA and head of Northamptonshire Police's Operations Team, Superintendent Tom Thompson, will join dignitaries, campaigners and those who have lost loved ones for the hour-long service.

The service will follow a similar format as in previous years, with readings, poetry and music, including a special performance from the Northamptonshire Music and Performing Arts Trust and the Metropolitan Police Choir.

The photos and names of those who have died on the UK's roads will be shared and commemorated during the service, as an act of remembrance and reflection to road traffic victims across the world.

Supt Thompson said: "Sadly, 42 people lost their lives on our county's roads in 2019, which was the highest number of deaths for eight years. All of these were someone's loved ones, family, friends or colleagues.

"Reducing the number of people who are killed or seriously injured on the county's roads is a priority for both Northamptonshire Police and our Safer Roads Alliance partners.

"We experience first-hand the devastation a road death or serious injury can cause, and the impact this has not only on the families left behind but on the wider community.

"This service is an opportunity to show our support to those whose lives have been changed forever, and to remember those who have sadly been killed or seriously injured on our roads.

"Although we cannot be physically together this year, the service will still be very poignant, and an opportunity to show our support to those whose lives have been changed forever."

Started in the UK by national charity, RoadPeace in 1993, the service is held each year as a mark of respect to those who have lost their lives or sustained life changing injuries as a result of a road collision

However, the event became a global day of commemoration in 2005, when it was endorsed by the United Nations, and is now observed in countries in every continent of the world.

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold said: "Road safety is one of the key priorities of my Police and Crime Plan and I understand the enormous impact that someone being killed or injured has on their family and friends.

"Through the Northamptonshire Safer Roads Alliance, we are doing everything in our power to educate and change the behaviour of all roads user to help make our roads safer for everyone to use.

"World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims is a really important date in the road safety calendar, which enables us to put road safety high on the agenda and to remind people to use our roads safely."

Northamptonshire Fire & Rescue Service Assistant Chief Fire Officer Shaun Hallam said: "Our firefighters respond to the most serious incidents on our county's roads and see the trauma and loss that sadly accompanies them.

"We will take time to remember those road traffic victims on Sunday and ensure we continue to work with our Alliance partners to promote road safety education to help to avoid future tragedy."

Team Leader for Road Safety and Traffic regulations Orders at Northamptonshire Highways, John Spencer added: "It is an important time for us to remember everyone who has sadly been a victim of a collision on one of our roads.

"We all share the roads and need to play our part in keeping everyone safe. We are encouraging everyone to take time to consider how they use the road and how it impacts on all other road users."

The service will be broadcast online at 11am on Sunday (November 15). It is free to join, however you must pre-register your attendance to receive log in details. For more information or to register visit EventBrite.com

ENDS
