```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A cannabis factory inside a purpose-built camouflaged shack, built in woodland and hooked up to overhead electricity pylons has been dismantled by police.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis factory found hidden in woodland shack
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/cannabis-factory-found-hidden-in-woodland-shack/
publish:
  date: 14:11 27/11/2020
title: Cannabis factory found hidden in woodland shack | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/november-20/cannabis-factory-found-hidden-in-woodland-shack/
```

A cannabis factory inside a purpose-built camouflaged shack, built in woodland and hooked up to overhead electricity pylons has been dismantled by police.

Officers were yesterday (Thursday, November 26) called to an area of dense woodland off the A45 near Ecton near Northampton.

Thirteen plants with an estimated street value of £13,000 were found in the building which was hidden among the surrounding vegetation.

PC Chris Foster, who was one of the officers attending the scene, said: "This is a very bespoke setup, it's certainly very unusual to find something like this in such a wooded area.

"Usually cannabis factories are set up in town locations and houses, whereas here we are in a completely secluded area."

When they arrived, officers discovered a length of cable running from the grow to a nearby electricity transformer which provided power to the building.

Three sides of the shack had been painted in a bid to disguise it from sight.

Officers said during the summer months, the trees would have hidden the building from passers-by.

The plants have now been seized and destroyed.

Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Scott Desrochers said: "Although we see cannabis grows in rural areas, to come across a purpose-built structure like this, solely for the use of growing cannabis, was new for me in nearly 16 years of service."

Details of the building had been reported to police by a walker.

Sgt Desrochers added: "We are very reliant on the community feeding information through to us.

"They can help us with information to take these drugs off the streets."

Anyone with any information about cannabis factories in their area can report it to Northamptonshire Police on 101, online at northants.police.uk or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
