```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Two police forces have joined together to help a 12-year-old boy deliver homemade PPE to his grandmother in Swindon.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police forces join together to help a 12-year-old boy deliver PPE to his grandmother
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-forces-join-together-to-help-a-12-year-old-boy-deliver-ppe-to-his-grandmother/
publish:
  date: 09:05 12/05/2020
title: Police forces join together to help a 12-year-old boy deliver PPE to his grandmother | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-forces-join-together-to-help-a-12-year-old-boy-deliver-ppe-to-his-grandmother/
```

Two police forces have joined together to help a 12-year-old boy deliver homemade PPE to his grandmother in Swindon.

The story came about as a result of a Northamptonshire Police Facebook Live Q&A session for children, held on April 30, and designed to answer questions from youngsters in the county worried about the COVID-19 lockdown.

One of the questions during the session came in from 12-year-old Cameron Douglas who, as well as setting up a GoFundMe page, had spent all of his pocket money on a 3D printer and wanted to know whether he could ask an adult to transport his homemade PPE from Northamptonshire to Swindon, where his grandmother lives in a care home.

Unfortunately, as the question was posed during the lockdown, officers had to advise him he couldn't, but after making contact with their colleagues at Wiltshire Police, offered him an alternative instead, which he was delighted to take up.

Instead of Cameron and his family making the journey, officers from the Force's Driver Training School, who were due to make a long journey anyway as part of their training, collected the PPE from Cameron's house and drove it to the Wiltshire border.

From there it was picked up by Wiltshire Police officers who dropped it off to Cameron's very grateful grandmother who was very proud of her grandson.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett from Northamptonshire Police, said: "When Cameron got in touch with us during the Facebook Live Q&A session, I really wanted to help him fulfil his ambitions of making sure his grandmother received the PPE he'd worked so hard to make.

"I'm really pleased that we were able to work with our friends in Wiltshire to make it happen and it was so worth it to see how happy this 12-year-old boy was as a result.

"Cameron's act of spending all of his pocket money on a 3D printer so he could make PPE for his grandmother demonstrates what a selfless, kind young man he is, and I can tell he has a bright future ahead of him."

Sergeant James Rodrigues from Wiltshire Police, said: "It was a real honour to be able to complete the final leg of the journey and ensure the safe delivery of these masks to the care home.

"The actions of this young boy have been selfless and extremely kind - he hasn't seen the lockdown as a restriction and instead has thought outside the box and done everything he could to make face masks for his gran and her friends at the care home.

"These are understandably testing times for everyone at the moment but I am pleased to have been able to help and I hope this young boy gets to visit his grandmother as soon as it is safe to do so."

12-year-old Cameron Douglas, said: "Thank you so much to all of the police officers who helped me."
