```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: School children join elderly residents for a stroll in the park.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police support charity walk which bridges the generation gap
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/police-support-charity-walk-which-bridges-the-generation-gap/
publish:
  date: 14:52 10/07/2019
title: Police support charity walk which bridges the generation gap | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/police-support-charity-walk-which-bridges-the-generation-gap/
```

Residents from across the generations came together to put their best foot forward to raise awareness of dementia and fundraise for the Alzheimer's Society.

The Inter-generational Memory Walk was organised by Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Maz Stretton in partnership with staff from the Templemore Care Home, Dallington Residents Association and Friends of Dallington.

A total of 160 children from three primary schools in Northampton joined 50 local elderly residents for the stroll around the town's Dallington Park on Thursday, June 27, before sitting down for a picnic.

Now in its second year, the event aims to raise awareness of dementia, the impact it has, not only on those diagnosed but also their family and friends, and to remind everyone that they should support each other.

PCSO Stretton, who is based at the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "We organised the walk for the first time last year and many of the children who took part regularly visit residents at Templemore, which is of great benefit to both young and old.

"The event aims to teach pupils about dementia and the different changes we go through as we grow old. However, above all the children learn that older members of the community still have a lot of life to live.

"By bringing different generations together, it shows those who may have a family member with dementia that the diagnosis doesn't have to change how they treat their loved one. They can still enjoy and experience things together.

"For those who have dementia, we hope the event shows that they are not alone. There is support available and people they can talk to, if they have any issues or concerns."

In addition to the memory walk, The Alzheimer's Society were on hand to provide information and advice on the different types of support available to people with dementia and their families.

There was also a small petting zoo which included goats and Shetland ponies, for people to stroke and feed. While some people took advantage of the park's sensory garden and enjoyed touching and smelling the different plants.

The event was a huge success and PCSO Stretton now hopes to encourage more care home residents and local schools to join in and make the Inter-generational Memory Walk an annual event.
