```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has been jailed after admitting to causing the death of a much-loved father following a road traffic collision in January last year.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pays tribute to much-loved father after driver jailed for causing his death
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/family-pays-tribute-to-much-loved-father-after-driver-jailed-for-causing-his-death/
publish:
  date: 16:12 13/08/2020
title: Family pays tribute to much-loved father after driver jailed for causing his death | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/family-pays-tribute-to-much-loved-father-after-driver-jailed-for-causing-his-death/
```

A 27-year-old man has been jailed after admitting to causing the death of a much-loved father following a road traffic collision in January last year.

Ross Simms of Pendlebury Drive, Leicester, was sentenced at Northampton Crown Court on Monday, August 10 to three years for the offence of careless driving and 15 months for driving with no insurance.

Both sentences will run concurrently, with Simms serving 18 months in prison and the rest on licence. He was also disqualified from driving for almost six years (66 months) and ordered to retake his driving test.

At an earlier court appearance last month (July), Simms pleaded guilty to causing the death of 81-year-old Terrance White, known as Terry, of Wollaston, following the collision in Hardwater Road, near Great Doddington on January 29, 2019.

The court heard how Simms lost control of his black Nissan Navara Aventura on a bend and collided with Mr White's black Mazda travelling in the opposite direction.

Mr White died as a result of his injuries, and two of Simms' passengers - a young boy and a woman in her 30s - sustained serious injuries following the collision.

Following sentencing, lead investigator, Detective Sergeant Mahesh Patel of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, praised Terry's family for their courage and strength.

He said: "The devastation Ross Simms' actions have caused cannot be measured. Terry was a much-loved father, grandfather, son and brother, and leaves behind family and friends, who all thought the absolute world of him. No sentence will ever make up for his death.

"I hope Simms is aware, that as result of his reckless use of the road, he has left a family completely and forever heartbroken and I hope he will use his time in prison to reflect on this fact.

"Throughout the investigation and at court, Terry's family have displayed immense courage, dignity and emotional strength, and I hope the conclusion of this case will provide them with some sort of closure and give them the time to grieve properly."

Speaking after the sentencing on behalf of Terry's family, his two daughters and son Melanie, Suzanne and Andrew, said: "The sudden loss of our father has not only affected our family but also his close friends and past students who he taught.

"The stress of trying to understand and come to terms with what happened, having to sell the family home and taking care of other matters, while also having to deal with an investigation and court case, has put a huge strain on all of the family.

"He was a huge part of all our lives and we all miss him so much. We had so many special family celebrations we were looking forward to sharing with him, and these have just not been the same without him.

"His grandson, Jacob, misses him greatly. Every other weekend he visited Dad, where they enjoyed playing games at the park or going to feed the ducks. Since Dad has gone, Jacob still gets upset that he can't go to see him anymore.

"He was also very close to his mum, who was 99-years-old, when he died. He was the one person who had been in her life the longest. We were all looking forward to celebrating her 100th birthday in January, but after Dad's death her health deteriorated and she passed away last September."

ENDS
