```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Police officers leading Northamptonshire Police\u2019s response to the COVID-19 pandemic are thanking the county\u2019s public as they continue to show great resolve during the global crisis."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police thank Northamptonshire public for their continued resolve to protect the NHS
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-thank-northamptonshire-public-for-their-continued-resolve-to-protect-the-nhs/
publish:
  date: 14:43 14/05/2020
title: Police thank Northamptonshire public for their continued resolve to protect the NHS | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/police-thank-northamptonshire-public-for-their-continued-resolve-to-protect-the-nhs/
```

Police officers leading Northamptonshire Police's response to the COVID-19 pandemic are thanking the county's public as they continue to show great resolve during the global crisis.

Following the Prime Minister's address to the nation on Sunday, May 10, the lockdown measures changed from #StayHome to #StayAlert.

Despite this change, the majority of people in Northamptonshire have adapted quickly, with the need to social distance and protect the NHS still at the forefront of their minds.

A very small minority, who continue to the break the rules, have been issued with fines, with a total of 349 issued since the lockdown began. Examples include:

 * A group of friends who had arranged to meet up and have a party in the back of a lorry.

 * Four individuals, not from the same household, holding a party at an address in Northampton.

 * Owners of a barber shop in Northampton that had opened up to give people haircuts.

 * Owners of a trampoline park that had opened up and were allowing people to use the equipment inside.

Superintendent Elliot Foskett, said: "We are very lucky in Northamptonshire to have a public who in the main, want to work with us, and realise how important social distancing is.

"Respect of course, is earnt, and I'm really pleased that the good relationship we have cultivated with Northamptonshire's public over the years is helping us police this crisis effectively.

"Our approach will always be to engage with and educate our communities first, with enforcement and fines given as a last resort.

"There will always be a very small minority who seek to purposefully break the rules and put other people in danger as a result. Make no mistake - we have and will continue to issue these individuals with fines.

"Thank you for your support over the past seven weeks - the majority of you have been fantastic in staying inside and following the rules and we know you'll continue to support us and your NHS as we settle into this next phase of the lockdown."
