```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "Police officers have made their 150th arrest as part of Operation Lily \u2013 Northamptonshire Police\u2019s crackdown on crime in Northampton town centre."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CNot on my patch\u201D \u2013 Police Superintendent&#39;s words as 150th arrest is made as part of Northampton town centre crime crackdown"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/december-19/not-on-my-patch--police-superintendents-words-as-150th-arrest-is-made-as-part-of-northampton-town-centre-crime-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 15:08 03/12/2019
title: "\u201CNot on my patch\u201D \u2013 Police Superintendent&#39;s words as 150th arrest is made as part of Northampton town centre crime crackdown | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/december-19/not-on-my-patch--police-superintendents-words-as-150th-arrest-is-made-as-part-of-northampton-town-centre-crime-crackdown/
```

Police officers have made their 150th arrest as part of Operation Lily - Northamptonshire Police's crackdown on crime in Northampton town centre.

Operation Lily launched at the beginning of October with 10 extra police officers, led by Area Commander, Superintendent Chris Hillery, deployed to the town in order to bring the fight to the criminals.

After a great first week of 18 arrests, 18 stop searches and 44 alcohol seizures, the numbers continued to increase, now sitting at a total of 150 arrests, 119 stop searches, 493 alcohol seizures and 179 pieces of intelligence logged.

The arrests have been for a variety of offences - from anti-social behaviour and shoplifting to possession of drugs with intent to supply and racially aggravated assault.

Superintendent Hillery said: "Operation Lily has come as a bit of surprise to the criminals who have historically used Northampton town centre as a location to commit crime. Not anymore and not on my patch.

"The majority of people in Northampton town centre are hardworking, decent members of society and they do not deserve to shop or live in fear due to a small minority.

"We have really taken the fight to this minority in the past couple of months with some fantastic results netted by the boots on the ground.

"Feedback from the local community has been extremely positive and traders on the Market Square have noticed a significant decline in criminal activity.

"But we will not stop there. Operation Lily is due to continue for the foreseeable future and I look forward to more results and more criminals arrested and brought to justice for their crimes."
