```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: With another warm bank holiday weekend approaching, officers from Northamptonshire Police have asked people to remain vigilant to illegal raves.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police warn against unlicensed music events this bank holiday weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/fraudsters-are-telephoning-northamptonshire-residents-pretending-to-be-police-officers/police-warn-against-unlicensed-music-events-this-bank-holiday-weekend/
publish:
  date: 13:21 19/05/2020
title: Police warn against unlicensed music events this bank holiday weekend | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/may-20/fraudsters-are-telephoning-northamptonshire-residents-pretending-to-be-police-officers/police-warn-against-unlicensed-music-events-this-bank-holiday-weekend/
```

With another warm bank holiday weekend approaching, officers from Northamptonshire Police have asked people to remain vigilant to illegal raves.

The force relies on information from the public when responding to raves, either to be made aware one is happening, or to be informed of suspicious activity that could indicate one is being planned.

Raves can be disruptive in terms of noise and nuisance and can be more difficult to clear once they are established, so it is vital that people let us know if they are concerned about any suspicious activity.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "Illegal raves often cause upset in the local community with anti-social behaviour and traffic problems prevalent, however social distancing guidelines mean it's more important than ever that these events don't take place.

"Mass gatherings are currently banned and we are asking anyone who may be thinking of organising an event to think again about their plans."

People in rural areas are also asked to report any suspicious activity as we approach the weekend.

Supt Murray added: "We want to remind people, especially those in rural communities, to be alert to any suspicious activity.

"We can nip illegal raves in the bud and stop them taking place if we have reliable information.

"We're often alerted to raves by people calling us to complain about a sudden increase in traffic and anti-social behaviour as people arrive at a venue.

"I would also urge people to be on the lookout for anything out of the ordinary in their community, no matter how trivial it may seem.

"In many cases those people who are looking to set-up a rave will visit the proposed site a couple of days before the event and I would urge anyone who spots any suspicious activity in their village, along a country road or around farm land to let us know."

Please call the police if you notice the following:-

\- Posters or messages advertising a rave

\- Cropped bolts on a gate

\- People in cars or vans stopping to look into a field or climbing over a fence into a field

\- Flattened or disturbed hedgerows

\- Anyone acting suspiciously

Members of the public can report suspicious activity via the 'Do it online' button at www.northants.police.uk or by calling 101.
