```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Sixteen vehicles were seized and more than 70 motoring offences detected across the county last week (October 6-11) by officers from Northamptonshire Police.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 70 motoring offences detected during six days of action across Northamptonshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/more-than-70-motoring-offences-detected-during-six-days-of-action-across-northamptonshire/
publish:
  date: 15:26 16/10/2020
title: More than 70 motoring offences detected during six days of action across Northamptonshire | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/more-than-70-motoring-offences-detected-during-six-days-of-action-across-northamptonshire/
```

Sixteen vehicles were seized and more than 70 motoring offences detected across the county last week (October 6-11) by officers from Northamptonshire Police.

Officers from the Safer Roads Team and Special Constabulary set up static check sites in all the major towns in the county to clampdown on defective tyres in a bid to improve road safety.

The checks were carried out over six days as part of Tyre Safe's annual Tyre Safety Month, and coincided with the launch of Force's road safety campaign - Operation Journey.

During the checks, a total of 16 vehicles were seized across the county by officers. Nine of these were taken off the road for having no insurance, and a further seven for licence offences.

A total of 73 motoring offences were detected overall during the clampdown, which resulted in officers issuing 17 words of advice to drivers and seven Section 59 notices for anti-social driving.

Six drivers were reported for not wearing a seat belt and two for using a mobile phone behind the wheel. However, only four vehicles were found to have defective tyres.

Those flouting the law have been reported for the offences and will be offered the opportunity to take an online education course if eligible, receive a fixed penalty fine or if preferred, the option to go to court.

Eighteen drivers stopped had no insurance, three vehicles were fitted with illegal number plates, two had no tax and the MOT had expired on another vehicle. All of the drivers were reported for the above offences or had their vehicles seized.

PC Dave Lee from Northamptonshire Police's Safer Roads Team said: "It was good to see that out of all of the vehicles stopped, only four had defective tyres, which means the majority of drivers are carrying out those essential checks.

"However, although it was encouraging to see drivers are maintaining their tyres, it was disappointing to detect so many other driving offences, which unnecessarily puts themselves, and other road users, at risk.

"Operation Journey is not just about enforcement, it is about educating those who use our roads irresponsibly and illegally by challenging this behaviour. Road safety is all of our responsibilities and we need to work together to improve our safety."

Last year in Northamptonshire, 42 people were killed and a further 347 seriously injured (KSI) across the county's road network - the highest number recorded in eight years.

Reducing the number of people who are killed or seriously injured on the county's roads remains a policing priority for the Force, and over the next three months, Operation Journey will focus on different road users in a bid to improve road safety in the county.
