```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "\u201CWe do not and will never tolerate violence in this county. When they test us, we fight back twice as hard.\u201D"
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cops on the north send strong message to violent criminals as they fight back with more arrests, charges and good results
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/cops-on-the-north-send-strong-message-to-violent-criminals-as-they-fight-back-with-more-arrests-charges-and-good-results/
publish:
  date: 10:19 02/10/2020
title: Cops on the north send strong message to violent criminals as they fight back with more arrests, charges and good results | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/october-20/cops-on-the-north-send-strong-message-to-violent-criminals-as-they-fight-back-with-more-arrests-charges-and-good-results/
```

"We do not and will never tolerate violence in this county. When they test us, we fight back twice as hard."

This is the message from Superintendent Dennis Murray - a police officer who has served Northamptonshire Police for over 30 years and remains as passionate as ever about the safety of his home county.

He and his teams on the north have been tested in recent weeks with serious incidents across north Northamptonshire, but have fought back hard with multiple arrests and charges.

After two firearms discharges in Wellingborough - one in Shelley Road on September 17, and one in Gannet Lane on September 19, quick work led to the arrests of five people - three men aged 20, 20 and 35, and two boys aged 16 and 17. Thankfully, no one was injured in either of these incidents.

In the days that followed, police raided a number of Wellingborough addresses. Twenty officers were involved in the operation, led by Northamptonshire Police's Serious and Organised Crime Team, and three arrests were made.

As a result, Micah Thomas, 31, of Butts Road, Wellingborough and Marlie Ashby, 26, of Green Street, Wollaston, were both charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, namely heroin and cocaine, and a further charge relating to modern slavery offences. Twvarnai Riviere, 19, of Kiln Way, Wellingborough, was also charged with counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

On September 23, there was an incident in Jubilee Crescent where a small group of males were spotted by members of the public - one with a knife and one with a gun. Cops were quickly deployed and this resulted in the swift arrests of three people.

The following Monday, two men were charged with drugs offences believed to be linked to County Lines dealing after police stopped a car in Kettering. At about 2.30pm, officers stopped a black VW Jetta and discovered 99 wraps of heroin, £650 cash and a bladed weapon. Two men, aged 27 and 31, both from Birmingham, were arrested at the scene and later charged with possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

But it's not just drugs and gangs that the teams have secured good results for.

On September 20, police officers rushed to the scene of a domestic assault in progress in Kettering and arrived just in time to stop the victim from being seriously injured. A 48-year-old Corby man has since been charged with assault in connection with the incident.

Later that week, a 66-year-old man was arrested in connection with a number of indecent exposure incidents near a school in Thrapston. These incidents rightly caused concern amongst the community in the Thrapston area and parents and teachers were reassured by the police's actions when the arrest was made.

And there was a good result for the Burglary Team as well when 28-year-old man, Pawel Karczewski, of Scotter Walk, Corby, was charged with four counts of burglary and one count of attempted burglary after incidents which happened between June 2020 and July 2020 in Corby.

Superintendent Dennis Murray, said: "We do not and will never tolerate violence in this county. When these criminals test us, we fight back twice as hard.

"I know some of these incidents, especially the ones in Wellingborough, will have rightly caused concern among the community, but I want to reassure them that we are tackling these issues relentlessly and I hope local residents can see this by the number of arrests and charges we have recently made in the course of our response.

"Over 100 warrants have been executed across Northamptonshire since the beginning of July with multiple arrests and charges. This enforcement activity will not cease and we remain absolutely committed to pursuing the people responsible for crime in your area.

"We are your police officers and we want to make where you live as safe as possible. If you have any information you think could help us regarding any suspicious or criminal activity in your area, please contact us."

If you have information that you think could help Dennis and his team, please contact us. You can call 101 or speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. If you do not want to speak to anyone, use our online reporting form at www.northants.police.uk/ro.

We don't need to know who you are. Just what you know.
