```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Members of the public rally round to create an army of Bobby Buddies.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers overwhelmed by generous support from knitting enthusiasts
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/officers-overwhelmed-by-generous-support-from-knitting-enthusiasts/
publish:
  date: 12:53 09/10/2019
title: Officers overwhelmed by generous support from knitting enthusiasts | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/officers-overwhelmed-by-generous-support-from-knitting-enthusiasts/
```

Officers from Northamptonshire Police would like to thank knitting enthusiasts for their overwhelming support and generosity in helping to create an army of Bobby Buddies for the Force.

Following an appeal in May, from the Domestic Abuse Prevention and Investigation Team (DAPIT), volunteers from across the county have been busy knitting and as a result, have so far donated more than 800 knitted bears.

Bobby Buddies are now available across the Force, and when attending incidents at an address where there are children, officers are being encouraged to give the knitted soft toys to a child to offer some comfort.

Detective Sergeant Jen Castle from DAPIT, said: "The support from local knitting enthusiasts has been absolutely phenomenal, and we cannot thank them enough for all their hard work and generous donations.

"Working in this area, we are aware children must not be overlooked when officers attend their homes to deal with an incident, at what can often be a very confusing and frightening time for them.

"We hope Bobby Buddies will not only bring some comfort to those young children who need it, but also to help officers gain the trust of the child, whose voice should never go unheard."

This is just one of a number of community safety initiatives to receive support from the Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, who awarded this project £1,000.

Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "This initiative has generated an incredible reaction. Some of the teddies were donated anonymously and some were left with thank you notes for help that police officers have given in the past.

"Knitting and sewing groups have worked together and sent us basket loads of teddies and some people have sent us letters about their own experience of domestic violence.

"My sincerest thanks goes out to everyone who has sent teddies in to us. We have a great stock of toys to help children and we have also got people talking about domestic violence. I'm full of admiration to all the knitters out there, and to the DAPIT team for their great idea."

To ensure there is a Bobby Buddy available for every young child who needs one, the DAPIT need more knitters!

So if you're an expert with a pair of knitting needles or know someone who would like to help, please email Rachel.Percival@northants.pnn.police.uk. A pattern will be supplied.
