```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A planned policing operation to prevent and disrupt an illegal rave took place on Saturday night, after Northamptonshire Police received information that an unlicensed music event was to be held in the county over the weekend.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following successful policing operation to disrupt illegal rave near Wellingborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/man-arrested-following-successful-policing-operation-to-disrupt-illegal-rave-near-wellingborough/
publish:
  date: 11:48 28/06/2020
title: Man arrested following successful policing operation to disrupt illegal rave near Wellingborough | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/man-arrested-following-successful-policing-operation-to-disrupt-illegal-rave-near-wellingborough/
```

A planned policing operation to prevent and disrupt an illegal rave took place on Saturday night, June 27, after Northamptonshire Police received information that an unlicensed music event was to be held in the county over the weekend.

Officers from Northamptonshire Police and colleagues from across the East Midlands region were involved in the operation, which saw one man arrested and up to 50 people dispersed under public order powers from the unauthorised event site near Wellingborough.

Chief Inspector Tom Thompson, who led the operation, said: "The policing operation was set up in response to information received that an unlicensed music event was likely to take place somewhere in the county on Saturday night.

"Our aim is always to prevent such events before they become established and early information from the public is key to this. We were made aware that such an event was likely to take place in the county so we were able to plan and have resources in place to deal with it quickly and robustly if it happened.

"During the course of Saturday evening, through officers on patrol and information from the public, we became aware that a number of vehicles and people appeared to be making their way to a location between Great Doddington and Wilby.

"Officers attended the site, seized equipment and one man was arrested. They spoke with approximately 40 to 50 other people who were directed to leave the area.

"As well as causing a great deal of disruption and inconvenience to local people, these unauthorised events have no measures in place to ensure the safety and wellbeing of those who attend. They are also in clear breach of the current Covid-19 regulations and put everyone at risk.

"I hope the disruption of this event and the arrest this weekend demonstrates that we will take action against those suspected of illegal activity."

A 34 year-old man from Wellingborough was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and public order offences and is currently in police custody.

Chief Inspector Thompson added: "We fully appreciate the impact these events have on the local community as well as the potential risks to those who attend, who may unwittingly get caught up in anti-social behaviour, disorder or even violence.

"Information from the public is vital in helping to tackle crime and we liaised closely with community representatives from across the county who were able to help share our warning messages and appeals for information. As well as bringing useful intelligence, community involvement is really important in helping to educate young people about the potential dangers of attending an illegal rave and I'd like to thank people for their support."

Anyone with information relating to the event on Saturday night is asked to contact Northamptonshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 20000328006.
