```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Ten policing degree graduates have successfully completed their education as well as their hands-on training as special constables, now moving onto their destination as regular officers.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing degree graduates moves from being Specials to regular officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/policing-degree-graduates-moves-from-being-specials-to-regular-officers/
publish:
  date: 10:06 14/07/2020
title: Policing degree graduates moves from being Specials to regular officers | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/policing-degree-graduates-moves-from-being-specials-to-regular-officers/
```

Ten policing degree graduates have successfully completed their education as well as their hands-on training as special constables, now moving onto their destination as regular officers.

The ten students, who began a three-year policing degree run in collaboration with the University of Northampton, then undertook a period as a Special Constable, gaining all the necessary skills and experience.

Having successfully completed their degree and practical experience as a Special, they then applied for police constable roles and succeeded.

The three year degree course sees students undertake an intense first year of law and police knowledge followed by a practical application of this knowledge in year two where the students can apply to become Special Constables.

As a Special they gain practical policing experience including undertaking 10-week tutoring to gain the same level of independent patrol status as regular colleagues.

The brightest and best of these students then apply their classroom and practical experience into a third year of study and final dissertation before graduating with a degree.

The successful 10 graduates have followed this whole track and are now starting the next steps in their career.

Chief Officer for the Special Constabulary, Mike Maywood, said: "The dedication and commitment shown by them to get to this level is a real credit to the officers.

"Not only have they attended university, but have also committed 1000s of hours of service to gain practical experience, the Specials' loss is most certainly the Force's gain."

Sergeant Sue Torrance, Specials and Volunteers coordinator, said: "As the person responsible for the development and support of officers in the Special Constabulary, I am proud of the achievement made by these officers who are now in the best position to apply the knowledge they have learnt in the classroom and the practical experience gained as a Special, to their new roles as Regular Constables."

The force is currently recruiting for Special Constables. Anyone wishing to volunteer their time and gain valuable life experience should online at www.northantspolicespecials.co.uk
