```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A senior detective at Northamptonshire Police is warning drug dealers it could be their door next after a morning of successful warrants yielded an arrest and a number of seized items suspected to be linked to drug dealing.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CWill it be your door next?\u201D - detectives continue to target drug dealers after morning of warrants"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/will-it-be-your-door-next---detectives-continue-to-target-drug-dealers-after-morning-of-warrants/
publish:
  date: 10:13 11/06/2020
title: "\u201CWill it be your door next?\u201D - detectives continue to target drug dealers after morning of warrants | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/june-20/will-it-be-your-door-next---detectives-continue-to-target-drug-dealers-after-morning-of-warrants/
```

A senior detective at Northamptonshire Police is warning drug dealers it could be their door next after a morning of successful warrants yielded an arrest and a number of seized items suspected to be linked to drug dealing.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee McBride heads up the Force's Serious & Organised Crime campaign, Operation Viper - aiming to crack down on those involved in drug and gang related crime. It tackles the supply of Class A drugs, relentlessly pursuing organised crime groups, gangs, local drug lines, and County Lines.

Yesterday morning, as part of Operation Viper, a number of warrants were executed across Northampton at addresses in Brookside Meadows, Nene Drive and Avon Drive. As a result of these warrants, a number of items were seized including mobile phones, notebooks and paperwork including lists of 'customers'.

A 51-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and a number of people suspected of being cuckooed were safeguarded.

DCI McBride, said: "Yesterday morning's warrants were really successful and the result of some absolutely cracking work by my team - we seized lots of evidence which we are currently working through and I am pleased we managed to safeguard some individuals as well as make an arrest.

"We remain relentless in our aim to tackle the supply of drugs in this county and I hope yesterday morning's warrants demonstrates that determination and desire to keep pursuing those people committing crime here.

"My message to those people who think Northamptonshire is a viable option to operate County Lines from is this - you might think your activity is going unnoticed or that we don't know who you are, but we are constantly collecting intelligence on the supply of drugs here and it could be your door we're going through next."

If you have any information about suspicious activity in your local area you believe may be linked to the supply of drugs, please call us on 101. If you would rather submit your information anonymously, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

## DCI Lee McBride
