```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: As the nights draw in and winter approaches, detectives from Operation Crooked are warning the public that burglars love it when the clocks go back and to encourage them to make their homes as hard a target as possible to hit.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police warn of higher risk of burglary when the clocks go back
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/police-warn-of-higher-risk-of-burglary-when-the-clocks-go-back/
publish:
  date: 08:44 19/09/2019
title: Police warn of higher risk of burglary when the clocks go back | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/police-warn-of-higher-risk-of-burglary-when-the-clocks-go-back/
```

As the nights draw in and winter approaches, detectives from Operation Crooked are warning the public that burglars love it when the clocks go back and to encourage them to make their homes as hard a target as possible to hit.

With many people looking forward to the extra hour in bed on Sunday, October 27, burglars are looking forward to the cover of darkness winter brings, as this darkness helps them to commit their crimes.

Detective Sergeant Terry Rush from Northamptonshire Police's Burglary Team, said: "Darkness really is a burglar's best friend and every year, we see a spike in the number of burglaries committed during the winter months.

"Most burglars look for a soft target - homes without lights on that look unoccupied or homes which look insecure and easy to break into.

"By leaving a light on while you're out, especially using a timer, you really will reduce your chances of being burgled.

"Similarly, we'd advise people to always keep their windows and doors locked and to not leave valuable items in view of anyone who may be looking for easy-pickings. Please don't leave keys within easy reach either.

"We also recognise the huge benefits technology now has in terms of home security with things such as alarms, video doorbells and other remote monitored security cameras really helping us out in terms of investigating and preventing burglaries.

"Operation Crooked aims to make Northamptonshire a hostile environment for burglars and we hope that the public follow our advice and help us to make sure that there are no easy pickings for burglars in this county."

If you notice any suspicious activity in your area, please call the police on 101. For more advice on what you can do to protect your home this winter, please visit: www.northants.police.uk/crimeprevention

The clocks go back one hour on Sunday, October 27.
