```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The children of Northamptonshire Police officers and staff took part in an internal colouring competition.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Children get crafty for Northamptonshire Police\u2019s colouring competition"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/children-get-crafty-for-northamptonshire-polices-colouring-competition/
publish:
  date: 15:46 31/07/2020
title: "Children get crafty for Northamptonshire Police\u2019s colouring competition | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/july-20/children-get-crafty-for-northamptonshire-polices-colouring-competition/
```

The children of Northamptonshire Police officers and staff took up their pens, pencils and crayons during lockdown to take part in an internal colouring competition.

One of Northamptonshire Police's officers shared a number of hand drawn pictures, featuring Force vehicles, officers and police dogs, with a special challenge set for the children of officers and staff.

The competition asked the Force's young people to push their creativity to the max and bring the pictures to life with as much glitter and colour as possible - which they more than delivered.

The entries were judged on Thursday, May 21, by Chief Constable Nick Adderley and the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner, Stephen Mold, who were both hard-pressed to choose the winning piece after having been presented with more than 80 contenders.

After narrowing the entries down to the top four, both Nick and Stephen were so impressed with the submissions, they simply couldn't choose one winner. As a result, two winning artists were chosen - Peyton, aged six, and Lacey, aged seven - who were presented with a prize and certificate by the Chief Constable and Stephen Mold at Force Headquarters last Tuesday (July 21).

Lacey and Peyton were also greeted on the day by two of our four-legged colleagues - Alfie, a Specialist Search Springer Spaniel and Duke, a four-month-old German Shepherd, who were accompanied by Police Dog Handlers PC Ian McDonald and Sergeant Chris Monday. Both winners also took to the front seat and sounded the sirens on one of the Force's newest response vehicles.

As a result of the fantastic level of creativity and commitment demonstrated, Stephen Mold further funded the purchase of token gifts including a personalised thank you notecard, notebook and colouring pencil set for everyone who submitted a picture.

On judging the entries, Chief Constable Nick Adderley said: "I was simply amazed with the creative flair demonstrated by the young people of our officers and staff, and it was a pleasure to meet our winners, Lacey and Peyton.

"We appreciate, as many of us are parents and guardians ourselves, the difficulties young people have faced during the lockdown, who have been away from school, away from their friends, and struggling with this new way of the world. I would like to thank all of the young people across the country for continuing to stay alert and stay safe."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "I was delighted to be involved in judging this colouring competition. These are very strange times for us all and it was a pleasure to be able to offer children a way to stay involved with their local police, even while staying at home. A little creative fun is good for us all and thanks to everyone who took the time to send us their fantastic and colourful artworks."

If you or your children have been getting creative during lockdown and colouring in our pictures, please share your artwork via our Facebook page or Twitter - @NorthantsPolice.

Download the pictures.
