```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Local businesses are joining the effort to keep communities safe and have responded to a call-to-action by generously offering products and services which are added to the resources available to the Local Resilience Forum which co-ordinates the multi-agency county response to the Covid-19 pandemic.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Covid-19 crisis: Northamptonshire\u2019s Business Community joins effort to protect local communities"
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/covid-19-crisis-northamptonshires-business-community-join-effort-to-protect-local-communities/
publish:
  date: 12:01 14/04/2020
title: "Covid-19 crisis: Northamptonshire\u2019s Business Community joins effort to protect local communities | Northamptonshire Police"
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/april-20/covid-19-crisis-northamptonshires-business-community-join-effort-to-protect-local-communities/
```

Local businesses are joining the effort to keep communities safe and have responded to a call-to-action by generously offering products and services which are added to the resources available to the Local Resilience Forum which co-ordinates the multi-agency county response to the Covid-19 pandemic.

The scheme is being coordinated by My Backyard (MYBKYD), an existing partnership programme set up by the Force which works with businesses to support vulnerable and marginalised people in the county, in effect, playing a part in making their 'backyard' a safer and happier place for those who live and work in the county.

In response to the current global crisis, MYBKYD has expanded in order to channel the help local companies can offer the local community and give businesses an opportunity to play a greater part in the effort to keep the county safe.

Since the recent call-to-action, the team has received dozens of offers from companies large and small offering vehicles, drivers, people, storage space, specialist skills and overall a heart-warming willingness to do some good and help others.

Examples of the generous offers so far include one by Sew Special Soft Furnishings of Mawsley, whose services were gratefully received and have been taken up to make urgently required scrubs for NHS staff. Crisis Logistics of Northampton donated a large vehicle and driver to pick up food packages to be distributed to the vulnerable by the Red Cross. Goodwill Solutions at Moulton Park are working with Fareshare to provide a weekly food box to 100 vulnerable people and families, Dobbs and Bond Earls Barton have offered electrical engineers and Pegasus Lift truck training of Higham Ferrers have offered fork lift driving and training.

Another business offering help is Prestige Homeseeker Park and Leisure Homes who have today gifted seven boxes, each containing 100 pairs of Nitrile disposable gloves to MYBKYD. Cathy O'Brien, their business development manager, said: "We made this donation because we know these are challenging times for all industries including the leisure industry - this is why we want to do anything we can to help fight the spread of infection, save lives and get people back to work and normality.

"Staff from our company have also registered as volunteers and we are being provided with company cars and the fuel needed to support this effort to get everyone through this difficult time."

Five of these boxes have now been taken to the Red Cross who will be distributing them to those in need.

Detective Sergeant Dina Sunderland, who leads MYBKYD said: "At this time we don't know exactly what will be needed during this crisis but we are developing a fabulous bank of many varied skills and resources which puts us in an excellent position to be ready to act when the call comes.

"It is wonderful to see just how much goodwill there is out there."

If anyone wants to register to be a MYBKYD company please email: MYBKYD@northants.pnn.police.uk

Pictured: Paul Hebborn and Tyler Bennett (also a special constable) who will be distributing the supplies to those in need, including Age UK.
