```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "For the second consecutive weekend, officers in Kettering took part in proactive patrols of the town centre\u2019s night time economy to reassure members of the public following a number of knife related incidents."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kettering town centre patrols target knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/kettering-town-centre-patrols-target-knife-crime/
publish:
  date: 11:18 12/04/2019
title: Kettering town centre patrols target knife crime | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/april-19/kettering-town-centre-patrols-target-knife-crime/
```

_Officers have been conducting evening patrols in Kettering to help keep people safe._

For the second consecutive weekend, officers in Kettering took part in proactive patrols of the town centre's night time economy to reassure members of the public following a number of knife related incidents.

The operation ran across the weekend (April 6-8) and involved a number of officers from the Kettering Pro-Active and Neighbourhood policing teams and members of the Special Constabulary.

In addition to high-visibility patrols, and in conjunction with Kettering Pub Watch, officers used handheld metal detectors to scan for weapons at licensed premises as well as set up a knife arch in the town centre.

_A mobile knife arch was used to scan people for concealed weapons._

Kettering Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Scott Little, said: "Following a number of knife related incidents in the town centre, we increased our presence over the weekend to both reassure the public and disrupt those carrying weapons.

"Working with our night time economy partners, we are sending out the message to those who commit offences in Kettering that we will continue to make life more difficult for them to carry weapons in the town."

As part of the operation officers a 17-year-old girl from Kettering has been charged with Section 4A Public Order offences following an incident of affray in the town's Silver Street. She has been bailed to appear at Northampton Youth Court on April 30.

A 27-year-old man from Corby received an adult caution after being arrested in Ebenezer Place, Kettering on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug. While a 14-year-old boy from Kettering was arrested on suspicion of common assault in the town's High Street and has been released pending further enquiries.
