```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police and partners will come together this week to champion diversity and tolerance to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week (October 14-20).
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Hate Crime Awareness Week: Being you is not a crime, targeting you is'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/hate-crime-awareness-week-2019-being-you-is-not-a-crime-targeting-you-is/
publish:
  date: 16:09 14/10/2019
title: 'Hate Crime Awareness Week: Being you is not a crime, targeting you is | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/hate-crime-awareness-week-2019-being-you-is-not-a-crime-targeting-you-is/
```

Northamptonshire Police and partners will come together this week to champion diversity and tolerance to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week (October 14-20).

The theme of this year's national campaign is 'Hope', which is being shared in Northamptonshire through a series of events to raise awareness of hate crime, explain what it is and how it is being tackled, and encourage people to report it.

A hate crime is when someone commits a crime against you because of your disability, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, religion, or any other perceived difference.

It doesn't always include physical violence. Someone using offensive language towards you or harassing you because of who you are, or who they think you are, is also a crime. The same goes for someone posting abusive or offensive messages about you online.

Hate crime comes in many different forms and strikes at the heart of communities.

Along with fellow members of the Safer Northants Partnership, the Force is making it clear there is no place for hate in Northamptonshire, and anyone affected by hate crime is urged to report it.

A set of short videos produced by the Force will be shared on social media throughout the week to raise awareness of hate crime and highlight the impact it has on victims.

The first video features Ayan - an African Muslim lady. She was targeted because of her appearance by a member of the public, who verbally assaulted and spat at her.

The second video features Sami, who was targeted for being transgender. In the video Sami describes a verbally abusive incident where they were targeted by a group of individuals who recorded the incident on their mobile phones.

The final video features Richard, who was born with Down's syndrome. He shares his experience alongside his mother, Dawn, of moving into a new home and being targeted for his disability.

Chief Constable Nick Adderley said: "It's really important to me, and to our communities, that we take as much positive action as we can to tackle hate crime by providing support to victims and to help find and prosecute those responsible.

"There's no place in society for prejudice, and there's no place for hatred. As a Force we will push hard to root out all forms of prejudice and hate, working with partners and residents to support and create inclusive communities. I'm proud to take part in National Hate Crime Awareness Week and to continue to promote the work we do in the communities we serve.

"I would like to reiterate to the public, incidents of hate crime should not, and will not, be tolerated, and I would encourage anyone who has been a victim of hate crime to come forward and report it."

Hate crime and hate incidents can be reported to:

 * Police - 101 or 999 in an emergency
 * True Vision - report-it.org.uk
 * Any local council

Support is available for victims of hate crime via;

 * Voice - 0300 303 1965
 * Northamptonshire Rights and Equality Council - 01604 400808
 * Northampton Interfaith Forum - 07757 020346
 * Voluntary Impact Northamptonshire - 01604 637522
 * Disability Resource Centre Bedfordshire - 01582 470 900

Find more information on hate crime and hate incidents here.
