```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: The latest victim satisfaction survey data shared by Northamptonshire Police shows that victim satisfaction is improving.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 87% of victims are satisfied with treatment they receive from Northamptonshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/87-of-victims-are-satisfied-with-treatment-they-receive-from-northamptonshire-police/
publish:
  date: 11:10 11/09/2020
title: 87% of victims are satisfied with treatment they receive from Northamptonshire Police | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/sept-20/87-of-victims-are-satisfied-with-treatment-they-receive-from-northamptonshire-police/
```

The latest victim satisfaction survey data shared by Northamptonshire Police shows that victim satisfaction is improving.

87% of victims surveyed between June 2019 and May 2020 were satisfied with the treatment they received from officers and staff, with respondents sharing views on how helpful and reassuring officers and call handlers were when dealing with them.

More than 90% of people said they were treated with respect and felt they were listened to. 82% indicated that they were happy with how easy it was to contact the Force.

In addition, 67% of victims who were surveyed felt satisfied overall with the actions taken as a result of their contact, with the police doing what they said they would do. Those most satisfied were victims of burglary and hate crime, which both received a 68% satisfaction rating as well as domestic abuse which received 83%.

85% of those who contacted the police said their questions were answered adequately and information was provided quickly. 71% said it was easy to get in touch with someone for information and 64% were updated regularly.

Satisfaction levels linked to keeping people informed is also steadily increasing, with a 52% overall satisfaction rate, up from 48% last year. The Force is seeking further improvements in this area.

The survey also showed that 90% of domestic abuse victims would feel confident contacting Northamptonshire Police again and 94% would recommend others to contact the Force if they were in a similar situation. More than 91% felt that they were listened to and 89% felt matters were taken seriously, with 82% feeling safer as a result of contacting the police.

Nick Adderley, Chief Constable said: "The survey provides us with a really good indication of the experience the public receives when they contact us. Over the past couple of years we have made a number of improvements to provide a better service to victims and it's really pleasing to see satisfaction levels are on the increase.

"Results are showing that 76% of people are happy with the overall service we provide, up from 70% last year, which is great news. However, we are not complacent and I want all victims of crime to receive the highest levels of service from the Force, no matter what crime they have experienced.

"When the public contact us it's because they are in need of our help, and we must be responsive to those needs, making sure we are consistently providing the very best service we can.

"It's important that people feel confident when they get in touch with us, knowing that they will receive a professional response, be treated with respect and understanding, and that we will do what we say we will do, keeping them regularly informed of our progress. It's encouraging that people are feeling increasingly confident when they contact us.

"Of course, there is still work to do, particularly in keeping people informed of progress and this is an area we will be focusing more on - we need to ensure we are engaging with victims right along their journey. Over time, I am confident that we will see satisfaction levels increase further still.

 "I am very proud of my officers and staff, they're working hard every day to get the best results for victims. We already have evidence of some excellent service within the Force, particularly by officers and staff supporting victims of domestic abuse. My aim is for us to replicate this across all of our teams so that we are providing a consistently good experience for all victims.

"My huge thanks to all those who took part in the satisfaction survey. We're very grateful for the input and for victims sharing their experiences with us. Their feedback is essential in helping us improve our services and better protect the people of Northamptonshire."

Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold said: "I am very pleased to see the rise in satisfaction rates - it's important that we continue to focus on the victim throughout the criminal justice process and put them at the heart of all that we do.

"Becoming a victim of crime can be a traumatic experience for anyone, there's no such thing as a typical victim or a typical crime - it's important that people are properly supported and kept informed to help them recover, cope and move on with their lives.

"Voice, the support service for victims and witnesses, works very closely with Northamptonshire Police to provide free confidential, practical and emotional support for anyone affected by crime in the county. Officers refer victims into the Voice service to ensure they are getting the help they need.

"I am very encouraged by the survey results, which show that the public has increased confidence and increased overall satisfaction in services. My thanks to officers and staff at Northamptonshire Police and to the Voice team. I know further improvements are anticipated and I shall look forward to seeing continuing improvement in these satisfaction figures."
