```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team join forces with town&#39;s community safety partnership for Operation Crooked activities.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Week of action to help protect residents against burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/week-of-action-to-help-protect-residents-against-burglary/
publish:
  date: 08:35 14/10/2019
title: Week of action to help protect residents against burglary | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/week-of-action-to-help-protect-residents-against-burglary/
```

A special week of action focusing on burglary is being held across Northampton at the end of this month, to coincide with the clocks going back on Sunday, October 27.

The Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team will be joining colleagues from the town's community safety partnership to help raise awareness of how residents can protect themselves from burglary.

Between October 21 and 25, the community officers will be setting up their mobile police station to provide a central information point for local residents to speak to members of the partnership as well as pick up crime prevention advice.

In addition, leaflet drops will take place in each area to provide residents with tips and hints on how to protect themselves and their property, and environmental works such as cutting foliage to reduce opportunities to conceal burglaries.

Sergeant Rebecca Izzard, of the Northampton Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "One of the most effective ways of reducing burglaries within our communities is providing residents with the right tools and information to help them protect their homes. This week of action will enable us to do just that.

"By setting up a mobile police station in the heart of the community, we are giving residents the opportunity to come along and speak to us, or one of our community safety partners, about any concerns they may have about where they live.

"We know that not all residents will be able to visit us on the day, so in addition to the pop-up station, we will also be carrying out a letter drop to ensure everyone receives information on how to protect their homes."

The week of action starts in the St Crispins ward on Monday, October 21, before moving to St James (October 22), Castle (October 23), Delapre (October 24) and finishing in Far Cotton on Friday, October 25.

Councillor Anna King, Cabinet member for community engagement and safety, said: "Darker evenings can make people feel less safe as well as provide opportunists with the ideal camouflage to burgle property. That is why we are working with Northamptonshire Police this October to provide vital hints and tips to help protect residents against crime.

"Just small actions, such as locking your door and windows, even if you are in the house, keeping valuables out of plain sight and security marking your property, all help to keep people and property safe."

The initiative is part of Operation Crooked, Northamptonshire Police's campaign to reduce burglary - a top priority for the Force. As part of the operation, the Burglary Team, which sits within CID, ensures every burglary victim in Northamptonshire is guaranteed a visit from the police.

They are also working to review and drive up the quality of investigations, manage and progress forensic hits, hunt down wanted people, organise police patrols in areas of concern and gather intelligence to prevent burglaries before they happen.

Detective Sergeant Terry Rush, from Northamptonshire Police's Burglary Team, added: "Darkness really is a burglar's best friend and every year, we see a spike in the number of burglaries committed during the winter months.

"Most burglars look for a soft target such as homes without lights on which look unoccupied. By leaving a light on while you're out, especially using a timer, you really will reduce your chances of being burgled.

"Operation Crooked aims to make Northamptonshire a hostile environment for burglars and we hope that the public follow our advice and help us to make sure that there are no easy pickings for burglars in this county."
