```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Community partnership will keep police fleet clean and tidy.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New volunteering scheme launched at Weston Favell Police Station
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-volunteering-scheme-launched-at-weston-favell-police-station/
publish:
  date: 13:13 23/09/2019
title: New volunteering scheme launched at Weston Favell Police Station | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/september-19/new-volunteering-scheme-launched-at-weston-favell-police-station/
```

A group of volunteers have joined the ranks of Northamptonshire Police following the launch of a new community partnership based at Weston Favell Police Station in Northampton.

The Force has teamed up with the LIVE (Learning, Independence, Volunteering and Employment) Team via Northamptonshire Adult Social Services to provide an opportunity for its customers to gain valuable experience through volunteering.

Every Wednesday, up to 10 volunteers and four supervisors attend the station to wash and valet police vehicles as well as carry out a kit inventory, restocking missing items if necessary.

Their main duties will include washing the exterior, cleaning windows, valeting the interior, removing rubbish and lost property as well as checking the vehicle's inventory.

Northampton Response Inspector Mark Holland, who is co-ordinating the project, said: "The scheme will provide volunteers with an opportunity to improve their vocational skills and gain valuable experience in the workplace.

"In return the Force will also see benefits from taking part in the scheme. Not only will we have a clean and presentable fleet of vehicles, officers will have more time to fight crime and protect the people of Northamptonshire.

"Although the LIVE volunteers will take care of the cleanliness of the vehicles, it will still be the responsibility of the officers to carry out the daily mechanical safety checks before leaving the station."

To help the scheme get off the ground, British manufacturer, Autoglym has kindly donated a range of car care and valeting products to the volunteers. However that is not the only help they have received.

The Specials and Volunteers Co-ordination Team based at Wellingborough Police Station has purchased personal protection equipment for the group which includes boots, overalls and hi-vis tabards.

Craig Churchman from the Northampton LIVE team who supports the volunteers, said: "Our customers are adults who have learning difficulties and give their time to volunteer in the community.

"We already run successful volunteering projects that have such a positive impact on our community. This project and partnership working with Northamptonshire Police is exactly what our LIVE ethos is all about

"The group were very enthusiastic about this project and jumped at the chance to take part. It is another opportunity to develop new skills as well as give something back to the community.

"Volunteering not only provides experience in the workplace for our customers but it also helps to develop independence, improve social and communication skills as well as gives them personal respect and pride in what they do."

The voluntary scheme will initially be held at Weston Favell Police Station, however if it proves a success, will be rolled out across the Force.
