```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Northamptonshire Police is making changes to the way it delivers local policing, with the introduction of a new place-based operational model comprising two local policing areas covering the west and north of the county.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New local policing model increases focus and accountability for local communities
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/new-local-policing-model-increases-focus-and-accountability-for-local-communities/
publish:
  date: 09:19 14/10/2019
title: New local policing model increases focus and accountability for local communities | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/october-19/new-local-policing-model-increases-focus-and-accountability-for-local-communities/
```

Northamptonshire Police is making changes to the way it delivers local policing, with the introduction of a new place-based operational model comprising two local policing areas (LPAs) covering the west and north of the county.

The new model, which comes into effect from today, Monday, October 14, aims to provide greater accountability to local communities, giving the public a named senior officer responsible for policing and tackling crime in their area.

Chief Superintendent Mick Stamper has overall responsibility for the local policing command. He said: "We've made these changes to our policing model so we can be more effective and improve the service we provide to the public.

"Our officers and staff are hugely committed and really care about providing the best service they can to victims and the public. The previous model has seen them working extremely hard in specific roles but it was clear we could be more joined up and work more closely with each other to achieve even better results.

"The new approach brings together officers and staff from different functions and teams - including response, neighbourhoods, proactive, CID and intelligence - enabling them to work even more positively and proactively across their different roles, and be passionate and proud about fighting crime and dealing with the criminals operating on their patch."

The two LPAs are each led by an Operations Superintendent. Chris Hillery is responsible for the Northamptonshire West area and Dennis Murray has responsibility for the Northamptonshire North LPA. Both are supported by a chief inspector overseeing response and neighbourhood policing and a detective chief inspector who heads the area-based CID. Each LPA also has a dedicated proactive policing team that works across the area to focus on specific issues and crimes.

The West LPA covers Northampton, Daventry and South Northamptonshire, and the North LPA covers Kettering, Corby, Wellingborough and East Northamptonshire, aligning with the anticipated structure of the new unitary authorities due to replace the existing county, district and borough councils in April 2021.

Mr Stamper added: "Many people will already know the officers working in their local neighbourhood policing team and these teams remain a fundamental part of the new model. They will continue to work in the same areas as they do now, getting to know their communities and taking ownership for the crime and anti-social behaviour happening locally, now with more opportunity for closer team-working with colleagues in response, proactive and CID teams to deal with local issues.

"The new model will give an increased sense of local ownership and responsibility and, crucially, provide greater accountability to the public we serve. It's the next step in our ongoing programme of work to take the organisation forward and ultimately ensure we deliver our core purpose to fight crime and protect our communities."

Northamptonshire Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold, said: "I'm confident that the move to two policing areas will be a change for the better and will bring an even greater local focus, so that Northamptonshire Police delivers a local response to local concerns.

"This new model is part of the Chief Constable's plans to reshape the Force and I share his drive to make sure that Northamptonshire Police is visible and accessible in the communities it serves and can respond effectively. I'm very optimistic about the new policing areas and will be monitoring carefully to ensure that they deliver an even better service to the public."

The new Local Policing command is an integral part of the new Northamptonshire Police place-based policing model which comprises other commands and departments within the Force, including Crime and Justice, Operations, Force Control Room, Professional Standards, Corporate Services and other support services and functions.
