```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A number of motorcycles, seized by police officers in Northamptonshire for persistently being ridden in a nuisance or dangerous manner, were on Friday, July 31, crushed into a cube of metal.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorcycles crushed into cube of metal
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/motorcycles-crushed-into-cube-of-metal/
publish:
  date: 08:59 03/08/2020
title: Motorcycles crushed into cube of metal | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/motorcycles-crushed-into-cube-of-metal/
```

**A number of motorcycles, seized by police officers in Northamptonshire for persistently being ridden in a nuisance or dangerous manner, were on Friday, July 31, crushed into a cube of metal.**

** **

Nuisance motorcycle riding is an issue the Force has been working hard to tackle following reports from residents across the county of these vehicles being ridden in an anti-social manner, affecting people's quality of life .

As a result of recent enforcement, a number of these motorcycles have been seized and on Friday, were crushed and publically displayed in Queens Square, Corby.

Superintendent Kev Mulligan, said: "Nuisance motorcycling might seem like harmless fun to the riders themselves but their behaviour causes real misery and anxiety to our residents and we won't stand for it. People shouldn't have to live with this kind of behaviour happening in their local area.

"As a keen motorcyclist myself I know how great it is to get on your motorcycle and ride it. There's no excuse however, to ride a motorcycle in a dangerous manner. It not only puts the rider in danger but people around you could also get hurt.

"We hope that last week's display sends a clear message to our communities that we are listening to their concerns and acting on them and that this kind of behaviour won't be tolerated.

"My message is clear to those that might be tempted to ride in this way and that is we will catch you, seize and crush your bike, which will then leave you out of pocket. Please resist the urge to ride illegally and you will save money and save getting a police record."
