```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: A Northampton man has been sent back to prison for child sex offences.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Convicted paedophile sent back to prison after reoffending
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/convicted-paedophile-sent-back-to-prison/
publish:
  date: 17:12 05/08/2020
title: Convicted paedophile sent back to prison after reoffending | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/aug-20/convicted-paedophile-sent-back-to-prison/
```

A convicted paedophile from Northampton has been sent back to prison for child sex offences.

Liam Shields, aged 38, from Clintonville, has been given an extended sentence at Northampton Crown Court. He will serve 33 months in jail before being considered for release and will serve an extended 17-month period on licence.

Shields is a convicted paedophile and was jailed for seven years in 2012 for 42 counts of child grooming. A tip-off from a member of the public in May of this year, having witnessed him behaving suspiciously towards three children he had approached in a Northampton park. He had pressured them into taking off their socks and shoes.

A police investigation followed and he was found to have numerous photos of children's feet on his mobile phone

Ann Marie Brown from the force's Child Protection Unit, who led the investigation, said:

"Shields is a predatory paedophile and clearly has a sexual interest in children's feet.

"The intelligence we received from a member the public enabled us to successfully convict Shields and put him back behind bars.

"Protecting our communities is a priority for the force and this was a great example of the public, police and other agencies, working together to ensure Shields was remanded in custody and prevented from causing further harm to children."

As His Honour Judge Rupert Mayo sentenced Shields yesterday (Tuesday, August 4) he remarked: "What I imagine you call a foot fetish this court calls an unattractive and dangerous addiction to sexual flirting with underage children.

"Your pre-sentence report concludes that your risk to children is assessed as high in terms of psychological and emotional harm.

"In my judgement, there is adequate material for me to conclude there is a significant risk of harm to children and members of the public by you further offending."
