```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: "The pilot project designed to help Kettering\u2019s most vulnerable people has been boosted by a new project coordinator."
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'New coordinator takes up reins of #Citadel, the innovative Kettering-based project'
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/new-coordinator-takes-up-reins-of-citadel-the-innovative-kettering-based-project/
publish:
  date: 11:51 03/12/2020
title: 'New coordinator takes up reins of #Citadel, the innovative Kettering-based project | Northamptonshire Police'
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2020/december-20/new-coordinator-takes-up-reins-of-citadel-the-innovative-kettering-based-project/
```

The pilot project ** ** designed to help Kettering's most vulnerable people has been boosted by a new project coordinator.

#Citadel was launched in the summer and uses a holistic approach to tackle the issue of drug addiction and the associated harms including crime, anti-social behaviour and damage to both the environment and the local economy.

Detective Inspector Sebastian Greschner took up his post earlier this month and is now overseeing and developing the scheme.

DI Greschner joined the force after 16 years with Bedfordshire Police where he spent time working in the diverse town of Luton, gaining vast knowledge of the issues associated with drug dependency in urban communities.

Speaking about his new role, he said: "I'm delighted to be co-ordinating this innovative project which I truly believe will make a real, positive difference in Kettering.

"My immediate aim is to get all the relevant partnerships fully on-board including NHS England, social services and the Child and Adult Safeguarding services, so there is shared ownership of the project.

"The harm caused by drug addiction, involvement in gangs and organised crime to both the individual and wider society is profound. We can't solve the problem purely by making arrests. The only way to put a halt to this is by getting to the root cause of the problem and that's where other agencies come in - those who can offer support bespoke to each individual.

"The local community also has a part to play in order for the project to succeed. I appeal to anybody with information about a vulnerable person with addiction issues to let us know so we can seek to engage with them and offer them the help and support they need."

The parts of Kettering that #Citadel is focusing on is the William Knibb ward expanding to parts of the All Saints ward, Avondale Grange ward and Northfield ward. The #Citadel areas have recently been marked out by new signage (pictured).

Since the project was launched in July, 11 people have been offered support from the appropriate services to help break their cycle of drug or alcohol addiction. Those who do not wish to engage have been arrested and are being dealt with through the criminal justice system.

High-visibility police patrols have been ramped up in the #Citadel area and officers have carried out eight drugs warrants, seizing a significant quantity of class A and class B drugs

Any local organisations, charities or voluntary groups who can offer bespoke help and support and would like to get involved in #Citadel should contact

_citadel@northants.pnn.police.uk_

**Anybody with information about people with drugs-related vulnerabilities should call police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.**

## Detective Inspector Sebastian Greschner

## One of the #Citadel signs
