```yaml
area: Northamptonshire
og:
  description: Fifty-four drivers reported in just three-days.
  image: https://www.northants.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation targets traffic offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/operation-targets-traffic-offences/
publish:
  date: 07:39 04/07/2019
title: Operation targets traffic offences | Northamptonshire Police
url: https://www.northants.police.uk/news/northants/news/news/2019/july-19/operation-targets-traffic-offences/
```

Reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on Northamptonshire's roads was the focus of a three-day operation held across the east of the county last week.

Officers from the Wellingborough Neighbourhood Policing Team were joined by members of the Special Constabulary across three evenings between Tuesday (June 25) and Thursday (June 27).

The checks were carried out over a four-hour period on each evening targeting six locations where the rural road network meets the Wellingborough border, all of which are major routes into the town.

As a result of the roadside checks, 54 motorists were reported for various driving offences, of which 52 were for exceeding the roads 30mph speed limit after drivers were caught driving between 36mph and 48mph.

In addition to the speeding offences, two drivers were also reported for having no insurance, one for not holding a valid MOT certificate and another for not wearing a seat belt whilst driving.

Two drivers, who were not speeding, were reported for using a mobile phone whilst behind the wheel and for driving with no tax. Three vehicles were seized in relation to the no tax/insurance or valid MOT offences.

PC Leigh Francoise Goodwin of the Wellingborough Policing Neighbourhood Team, said: "The operation was held to target those who use the road network around Wellingborough and our rural villages to commit crime, which includes those who think traffic offences do not count.

"The locations were selected not only as a result of community concerns but also because they are major roads where the rural area meets the town, making it perfect to disrupt criminal activity.

"About two thirds of all collisions in which someone is either injured or killed occur on roads with a speed limit of 30mph or less. We would remind drivers that limits are to be adhered to from the first to the last speed sign within a restricted zone.

"Some of the vehicles were recorded driving up to 48mph. We would urge drivers to resist the temptation to increase their speed just as they approach the exit sign. If motorists speed up prior to leaving a speed zone, they will be caught."

Locations which were targeted during the operation were the A509 in Isham, Main Road in Wilby, Irthlingborough Road in Finedon, London Road in Little Irchester, Finedon Road and Sywell Road in Wellingborough.

Overall the number of people killed and seriously injured (KSI) on the county's roads was 288 in 2018, of which 31 were fatalities. Improving road safety is a policing priority for the Force, which aims to reduce casualties on our roads.
