```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Comdr Alex Murray, the Met&#39;s lead for Covid, says anyone who thinks the Tier 4 rules are there to be broken, ignored, or do not apply to them is very mistaken.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/j9yctncf8xftkv2p3eq9.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Met&#39;s lead for Covid warns Londoners to obey Tier 4 rules
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/mets-lead-for-covid-warns-londoners-to-obey-tier-4-rules-418078
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Met&#39;s lead for Covid warns Londoners to obey Tier 4 rules - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/mets-lead-for-covid-warns-londoners-to-obey-tier-4-rules-418078
```

Dec 22, 2020 06:00 GMT

******The Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) lead for Covid has warned Londoners to obey the Tier 4 rules as a video summary of enforcement activity from the weekend is released.**

 **Commander Alex Murray said:** “Over the weekend just been, London, and the surrounding areas were moved into Tier 4 – the strictest tier in the country. This is due to the increases in Covid we have seen over the past few weeks and the rapid spread of the virus amongst our communities.

“Over the weekend just been, as we have been for most of the year, Met officers were out and about responding to flagrant breaches and issuing fines to those who thought they could organise warehouse parties and put many of us at risk of the virus.

“Most Londoners want to see the enforcement we are taking against those who think the tier 4 rules don’t apply to them – I hope that this shows just a glimpse of the work we were doing.

“Our message is clear. Anyone who thinks the rules are there to be broken, ignored, or do not apply to them is very mistaken. The rules are that you should stay at home. It is for your safety, the safety of your family and friends, and the safety of your communities.”

\+ The video shows Met officers:

Attending a house party on Holmwood Road, IG3 that was breaching the rules. The organiser has been considered for a fine

disbanding an Unlicensed Music Event (UME) party in Barking

engaging with rule breakers at a pub in Tottenham
