```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: 'Detective Inspector Tom Pearse, who led the operation, said: &quot;Each one of these men had a function in running this criminal drug line.&quot;'
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/mmhuotlyeqvocjujr1c0.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "\u200BFive men jailed for drug supply in Harrow"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/five-men-jailed-for-drug-supply-in-harrow-418381
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "\u200BFive men jailed for drug supply in Harrow - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/five-men-jailed-for-drug-supply-in-harrow-418381
```

Dec 31, 2020 13:37 GMT

[JAILED: Abdigani Mohammed, Said Hussain, Zakariah Bani, Abdulla Abdulla, Darren Farmer]

**Five men have been sentenced to a total of more than 34 years’ imprisonment following an operation targeting organised crime and class A drug supply in the Harrow and Wealdstone area.
**

The men appeared at Harrow Crown Court on Wednesday, 23 December, where they pleaded guilty and were sentenced as follows:

[A] Abdulla Abdulla, 27, (02.07.93), of Masefield Avenue, HA7, was sentenced to nine years and five months’ imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine.

[B] Abdigani Mohammed, 34, (09.05.86), of William Drive, HA7, was sentenced to six years and seven months’ imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine. Mohammed also received a further sentence of one year and three months’ imprisonment for dangerous driving to run concurrently, as well as being disqualified from driving for five years and four months.

[C] Zakariah Bani, 21, (10.02.99), of Tithe Barn Way, UB5, was sentenced to six years and seven months’ imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine.

[D] Said Hussain **,** 21, (03.01.99), of Stonegrove Court, Stonegrove, HA8, was sentenced to six years and five months’ imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroine and crack cocaine.

[E] Darren Farmer, 43, (24.03.77), of Belsize Road, HA3, was sentenced to five years and 10 months’ imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine.

The court heard how Specialist Crime Officers launched Operation Balashikha in May 2019 after receiving intelligence about class A drug supply activity in Harrow.

Over the course of four months, officers conducted a covert investigation, which led them to identifying the involvement of the five men.

On 23 September 2019, officers spotted Abdulla Abdulla [A] and Abdigani Mohammed [B] travelling in a vehicle together in Church Road, Stanmore. Officers attempted to stop the vehicle, however both men decamped and ran off. After a short foot chase, officers detained and arrested both men. A search of the vehicle revealed a quantity of cash as well as a bundle of class A drugs in the passenger door pocket - 10 wraps of heroin and 11 wraps of crack cocaine.

Detectives then analysed their mobile phone data, and found evidence incriminating the five men.

On 24 September 2019, warrants were then carried out at the addresses of the remaining suspects - Said Hussein, Darren Farmer and Zakariah Bani - and all three were arrested.

 **Detective Inspector Tom Pearse, who led the operation, said:** “Each one of these men had a function in running this criminal drug line – and I would like to thank all officers who were involved in the operation who have helped bring them to justice.

“We know that drugs fuel a high proportion of violent crime in the area, which is why investigations like this which dismantle drug supply are a crucial part of driving down violence.

“I hope the local community feel reassured that we listened to their concerns and took action. I would urge anyone with information about drug supply and dealing in their area to contact police, so that it can be investigated thoroughly - your information is invaluable to us.”

\+ A sixth man [F] was arrested during the arrests of Abdulla Abdulla [A] and Abdigani Mohammed [B] on 23 September 2019, for assault on an emergency worker and received 12 weeks’ imprisonment at an earlier hearing at Harrow Crown Court on 18 April 2020.

\+ We would like to hear from anyone who has information about crime. Community intelligence can be used to great effect to not only detect, but also prevent crime and keep London safe. If you don’t want to speak to the police, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. They are a totally independent charity and you will remain 100% anonymous - they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call, your IP address or the device you use. Alternatively, visit their website https://crimestoppers-uk.org/.
