```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: The rape took place on 5 May 2020 after the victim was approached near Camden tube station.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/bewieiiscimvcilgjbdy.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Two men who raped woman in Camden jailed
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/two-men-who-raped-woman-in-camden-jailed-424619
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Two men who raped woman in Camden jailed - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/two-men-who-raped-woman-in-camden-jailed-424619
```

Apr 01, 2021 15:12 BST

Jailed: Abdi Ahmed (left) Ahmed Mohamed (right)

Two men have been sentenced to a total of 15 years in prison after they pleaded guilty to raping a woman in Camden.

Abdi Ahmed, 32, (15.10.1988) of no fixed address, was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment and Ahmed Mohamed, 41 (25.06.1979) of an address off Raglan Street, Camden was sentenced to six years and ten months' on Wednesday, 31 March at Wood Green Crown Court.

On Tuesday, 5 May 2020, the victim was approached by Abdi outside of an underground station in Camden.

Abdi asked the victim to call a cab for him. They waited for it to turn up but when it failed to do so they boarded a bus.

Abdi refused to let the victim leave and at one point said to her "you know I can hurt you if you don’t come with me”, grabbing her around the neck. She also said that he told her that he has killed people before.

The victim said she felt like she had no choice but to stay with him.

Abdi took the victim to a hostel in Camden but the woman behind the desk said that they cannot enter as Abdi is not allowed guests.

They then went to a flat in Camden and were met by two other men.

One of the men then left the address and the victim was dragged by Abdi into the bedroom, where she was raped by both men.

At around 11:00hrs on Thursday, 5 May 2020, the victim managed to take her phone into the bathroom and made a call to the police.

She told the operator that she has been raped in the flat by the two men present and was hiding inside the bathroom.

She explained that she thought she was in a third floor flat.

Whilst she was on the phone, officers were directed to her location by using her mobile phone transmitting data.

Officers conducted door-to-door enquiries in this area, and knocked on the door of the flat. The victim told the operator that she was still in the bathroom and could hear knocking outside.

This was transmitted and entry was made by officers. Both Mohamed and Abdi were arrested on suspicion of rape.

 **Detective Inspector Wood from the Met's Central North Command area Public Protection Team said:** “Both of these men are highly dangerous individuals and the sentencing today reflects this. The victim has shown tremendous resilience throughout this ordeal, the police investigation and subsequent trial. My thanks goes to all the officers who relentless worked on this case to ensure justice and bring some closure to the victim after what must have been a horrific experience."

“The Met remains dedicated to protecting the most vulnerable members of our society. Sexual assault and violence will not be tolerated in any form, and I hope this result brings some reassurance to the local community.

“I would encourage anyone who is victim or witness to sexual assault, to contact police on 101 or to call 999 in an emergency. We have specially trained officers who will give advice and ongoing support.”

\+ If you have been a victim of sexual assault or rape or you have information about an offender, contact police on 101 or 999 in an emergency – there are specially trained officers who will listen and investigate where needed.

Further information, including details of agencies and charities that can offer support can be found on our website.
