```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: A man has been jailed following the incident on Park Lane in June 2020
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/kd0shecyagehalnzaazv.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "\u200BA man has been jailed for assaulting a woman in Westminster"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-assaulting-a-woman-in-westminster-422261
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "\u200BA man has been jailed for assaulting a woman in Westminster - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-assaulting-a-woman-in-westminster-422261
```

Mar 01, 2021 15:55 GMT

[Jailed: Soofuue Yakr]

**A man has been jailed for a number of offences following his arrest in connection with an assault on a woman on Park Lane last summer.**

Soofuue Yakr 27 (1.01.94), of no fixed address, appeared at Newcastle Crown Court on Monday, 1 March where he was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment for possession of an offensive weapon (12 months), possession of a Class B drug (one month) and assault by beating (four months).

Police were called at 09:46hrs on Wednesday, 3 June 2020 to Park Lane, W1 to reports of a man making threats and having assaulted a woman.

Police gave chase and arrested Yakr on suspicion of making threats to kill, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of Class B drugs.

He was taken to a central London police station, where he was charged with possession of an offensive weapon, possession of a Class B drug and assault by beating.

Yakr appeared in custody at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on 3 July 2020 where he pleaded guilty to all counts. He was sentenced at Newcastle Crown Court, as there were other matters to be dealt with resulting from criminality in the northeast.

 **Detective Constable Nigel Pacquette, said:** “The defendant’s behaviour was wholly unacceptable and he will now, no doubt, be realising the consequences of his actions. I hope that today’s sentence brings some closure for the victim, and that Yakr uses his time in prison to reflect upon the consequences of his behaviour."

Yakr was additionally sentenced for the following matters unrelated to the incident in Park Lane:

\- Theft: Sentenced to six months;
\- Possession an identity document with improper intention: Sentenced to six months;
\- Failure to surrender: Sentenced to four months.

These counts to run consecutive to the Park Lane offences.

\+ A second count of theft, plus one of conspiracy to steal, were left to lie on file.
