```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '23'
  month: FEB
  reference: '6277'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for the driver of a white van to come forward and speak with officers
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/k5wpmba3updzsr8pgygi.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: 'UPDATE: Appeal to trace possible witness to Brixton stabbing'
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/update-appeal-to-trace-possible-witness-to-brixton-stabbing-421925
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: 'UPDATE: Appeal to trace possible witness to Brixton stabbing - Metropolitan Police'
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/update-appeal-to-trace-possible-witness-to-brixton-stabbing-421925
```

Feb 24, 2021 12:10 GMT

******Detectives are appealing for the driver of a white van who may have witnessed the stabbing of a 16-year-old boy in Brixton on Tuesday evening to come forward.**

Police were called to Henry Road, SW9 at 18:15hrs on Tuesday, 23 February. Officers attended with paramedics from the London Ambulance Service and found the victim, who had been stabbed and was seriously injured.

He remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition. His family are being supported by officers.

 **Detective Inspector Yasser Awad, who is leading the investigation, said:** “This violent attack has left a teenage boy in hospital with serious injuries.

“We believe there may be people who saw what happened to him but have not yet come forward. The attack took place in a residential area and many people will have been in their homes due to the ongoing lockdown – if you heard a commotion or saw anything suspicious, we want to hear from you.

“In particular, we want to speak to the driver of a white van which was on Henry Road between 18:15hrs and 18:20hrs. We believe the driver may have vital information.”

Anyone with information, however insignificant they think it might be, is urged to call 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CAD 6277/23FEB.

Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
