```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '02'
  month: OCT
  reference: '6761'
og:
  description: Officers are releasing CCTV of a man they want to speak to after a football coach was assaulted during an argument in the Eel Brook Common area on 2 October...
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/v0np8zucrduxnhjlw0pq.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal after football coach knocked unconscious in Fulham
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-football-coach-knocked-unconscious-in-fulham-424568
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal after football coach knocked unconscious in Fulham - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-football-coach-knocked-unconscious-in-fulham-424568
```

Apr 02, 2021 07:00 BST

[Do you recognise this man?]

**Detectives are releasing CCTV images of a man they want to speak to after a football coach was knocked unconscious during an argument in Fulham.**

At approximately 19:40hrs on 2 October 2020 the victim was in the Eel Brook Common area when he was approached by a group of teenagers who asked to borrow a football.

He gave them permission to use a ball but the group then left the area without returning the ball. The victim followed the group and asked for it to be returned.

During this time another group of older people, who were known to the teenagers, arrived at the location and became involved in a confrontation with the victim.

One man punched the victim which caused him to fall and hit his head on the ground which resulted in him being knocked unconscious. The group fled the scene in the direction of Fulham Broadway.

Police were called and he was taken to hospital with a head injury. He suffered a two fractures in his jaw and required surgery. He has since been discharged.

 **Detective Constable Zachery Donohoe, from the Central West Command Unit, said:** "This was a shocking and unprovoked attack and the victim continues to recover from his horrific injuries. I would urge anybody who recognises the man in these images to contact us immediately."

There have been no arrests.

If you have information that can help police tweet @MetCC or call 101 quoting CAD 6761/02OCT20 _._ To remain anonymous contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
