```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Detectives are renewing appeals for information to find Stefana Otilia Malinici from Barking
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/xbfwncts7ol8v2qenpvr.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: New appeal to find woman who went missing in 2017
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/new-appeal-to-find-woman-who-went-missing-in-2017-421860
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: New appeal to find woman who went missing in 2017 - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/new-appeal-to-find-woman-who-went-missing-in-2017-421860
```

Feb 24, 2021 08:00 GMT

[Missing: Stefana Otilia Malinici]

**Detectives are renewing appeals for information in the case of a woman missing from Barking since 2017.**

Stefana Otilia Malinici (who is known as Otilia) has not been seen by her friends or family since she left her home on Beccles Drive in Barking on Wednesday, 6 September 2017.

Otilia, who was 37 years old at the time of her disappearance, is classed as vulnerable and in the intervening years, has not made contact with her husband or children.

The last sighting of Otilia was on CCTV and showed her making a brief visit to a shop on Green Lane in Ilford on Monday, 9 October 2017.

Since then, police have not been able to trace her.

Officers looking after her case are appealing again for Otilia to make contact, and ask for anyone who has information about where she may be, to call the team.

Otilia, was last seen wearing a black top with a large light coloured motif, dark tight jeans or leggings tucked in to flat dark, mid-calf boots, and a dark coloured ¾ length fitted jacket; she had reddish bobbed styled hair at the time.

 **Detective Inspector Frank Copley, from the Met’s East Area Public Protection unit, said** : "It is now a number of years since Otilia was reported missing and we are continuing our work to find out where she is.

“We do not have any evidence that she has come to harm and if Otilia is aware of this appeal, ask her to make contact with us.

“Her family here in the UK and in Romania are still carrying on their daily lives without knowing where their loved one is. We also urge that anyone who may know Otilia, or where she is, to come forward without further delay. You will not be in trouble, our goal is solely to ensure her welfare.

“We ask if anyone who has provided shelter or support to Otilia to contact police. Even if this was not recently, we want to hear from you.”

 **In a statement, her family, said:** “Otilia Stefania Malinici is a mother of two children and a wife. She has always been a caring and loving person towards the people around her. She brings support and love for the people who need it, like her family, friends and even strangers and she always tries do anything to cheer people up.

“We appeal to the public for anyone to come forward if they know anything about her or her whereabouts, or to her directly to please return home safely.”

Officers would urge anyone with information on her whereabouts to call police on 101 or Missing People on 116000.
