```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: The detective leading the search for the gunmen who killed 16-year-old Amaan Shakoor in 2018 has urged his associates to break the wall of silence...
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/npv4oxezt9wqxlclapmu.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal for information on the third anniversary of 16-year-old Amaan Shakoor&#39;s murder
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-on-the-third-anniversary-of-16-year-old-amaan-shakoors-murder-424649
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal for information on the third anniversary of 16-year-old... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-on-the-third-anniversary-of-16-year-old-amaan-shakoors-murder-424649
```

Apr 02, 2021 11:20 BST

Amaan Shakoor

**The detective leading the search for the gunmen who killed 16-year-old Amaan Shakoor in 2018 has urged his associates to break the wall of silence surrounding his death.**

Amaan was outside Walthamstow Leisure Centre on the evening of 2 April 2018 when he was approached by two males. He was shot in the head.

Police and paramedics rushed to the scene and Amaan was taken to hospital. He spent the night in a critical condition and died the next day.

**Detective Chief Inspector Perry Benton, who is leading the investigation, said:** “Three years have passed since this horrific incident that took a young man from his family.

“They deserve justice and the chance to have some sort of closure. We will not rest until we identify those responsible and bring them before the courts.”

Officers have previously said they don’t believe the shooting was random and that tensions between rival groups in the area were very likely the underlying cause.

Amaan was believed to have been on the periphery of such activity and may have been targeted as a result.

 **
**
 **DCI Benton added:** “There were other people there when Amaan was shot and I’ve no doubt that even people who weren’t there know who was responsible.

“I understand that in some circles, it is seen as a betrayal of trust to talk to the police. But I would say to those people, some of whom were close friends of Amaan, that not doing so is an even greater betrayal.

“It is only by individuals being brave enough to come forward and break the wall of silence that has existed around this case that we will get justice.

“My officers understand what it will take for you to do that and there are steps we can take to support you if you do. But we need you to make the first move.”

Anyone with information, no matter how insignificant they may feel it is, should call detectives on 0208 345 1570.

Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.

 **Previous arrests:**

Two people were arrested but they have since been released under investigation.

An 18-year-old man [A], was arrested on suspicion of murder on Monday, 9 April 2018.

A second man, aged 19 [B], was arrested on Wednesday, 17 April 2018, also on suspicion of murder.
