```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "\u200BAn e-scooter rider who was spotted weaving dangerously through traffic whilst two times over the drink driving limit has been handed a lengthy ban."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/yllf2jjwx7odff7z1697.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: 20 month ban for e-scooter rider found two times over the drink drive limit
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/20-month-ban-for-e-scooter-rider-found-two-times-over-the-drink-drive-limit-418231
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: 20 month ban for e-scooter rider found two times over the drink... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/20-month-ban-for-e-scooter-rider-found-two-times-over-the-drink-drive-limit-418231
```

Dec 23, 2020 12:08 GMT

******An e-scooter rider who was spotted weaving dangerously through traffic whilst two times over the drink driving limit has been handed a lengthy ban.**

Mohamed Shardi, 22 (25.08.98) of Streatham Hill, SW2 appeared at Croydon Magistrates' Court on Monday, 21 December where he pleaded guilty to the following offences:

\- Drink driving
\- Driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence
\- Driving with no insurance
\- Criminal damage to a police cell

On Saturday, 8 August Police Sergeant Darren Watson was on a routine patrol with a colleague on Brixton Hill when they noticed an e-scooter being driven dangerously and weaving in and out of two lanes of traffic. At one stage, it narrowly missed striking their police car.

When officers stopped him, Shardi was argumentative and unsteady on his feet. He admitted drinking two bottles of beer, however he refused to be breathalysed.

After having the consequences of not providing a sample of breath explained to him, he was subsequently arrested and taken to a south London police station.

Once in custody, Shardi was breathalysed and found to be two times over the drink driving limit. While in custody, he also defaced his cell with excrement.

At court, Shardi was disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving license for 20 months and handed fines totaling nearly £410. Part of the fine includes payment for the damage to the police cell.

 **PS Darren Watson said:** “I am pleased with these results. Shardi knew he had been drinking and yet he still got on his scooter and in doing so showed little disregard for the law, his safety and that of other road users.

“E-scooters are currently illegal to drive anywhere apart from on private land. Please think about this before you use them on the roads.”

Under current legislation, the riding of private e-scooters on the road or in a public place remains illegal.

Specific legislation has been put in place for an e-scooter trial which could take place in the spring in London. The Met fully support this and the trial will focus on the safety of both the rider and road users.

Fundamentally, we want to keep members of the public safe on the roads and pavements in London.

Further advice can be found online.
