```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '14'
  month: Oct
  reference: '1171'
og:
  description: The footage shows a man police want to identify following the shooting in October 2020.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/kd1n33k7dp8dzomlefhp.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: CCTV issued in Romford shooting investigation
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-in-romford-shooting-investigation-418654
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: CCTV issued in Romford shooting investigation - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/cctv-issued-in-romford-shooting-investigation-418654
```

Jan 09, 2021 07:15 GMT

**Detectives have released footage of a man they are keen to identify after a shooting in Romford.**

Police launched an investigation following a report of a shooting on White Hart Lane in Romford at 07:37hrs on Wednesday, 14 October 2020.

Officers attended and found a man, aged in his mid-30s, with a gunshot injury to his leg. He was taken by the London Ambulance Service to an east London hospital for treatment.

He has since been discharged.

Following the attack, the suspect is believed to have made off on foot along Rodney Way then back onto White Hart Lane.

Trident detectives from the Specialist Crime Command are investigating and have released CCTV footage of a man they are looking to identify and speak to.

 **Detective Constable Rob Wilmer said:** “We have previously appealed for help from the public and we need to do that again. It is really important that we identify the man in the footage and I would ask anyone who recognises him to get in touch with us as soon as possible.

“I am also still keen to anyone who was in the area at the time of the shooting and who may have seen or heard anything suspicious. If you witnessed something and have not yet come forward, please call police or Crimestoppers if you want to remain anonymous.”

There have been no arrests. Enquiries to establish a motive for the shooting continue.

Anyone with information is asked to call police via 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting reference Cad 1171/14Oct. Alternatively, to remain anonymous contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
