```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for a total of 13 years following a violent assault on a woman at his address in New Cross.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/zw2eyd5dgcga4ctf9wmw.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Man jailed for violent assault, New Cross
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-violent-assault-new-cross-419013
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Man jailed for violent assault, New Cross - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/man-jailed-for-violent-assault-new-cross-419013
```

Jan 15, 2021 09:16 GMT

[JAILED: Simon Sparshatt]

**A man has been jailed after a violent assault that left a woman with serious head injuries.**

Simon Sparshatt – 47 (10.07.73) of Waller Road, SE14 was sentenced to a total of 13 years’ imprisonment at Woolwich Crown Court on Thursday, 14 January after pleading guilty to GBH, false imprisonment and threats to kill at the same hearing.

On 20 November 2020, police were called to Sparshatt’s address by a concerned member of the public after they had heard a woman calling for help.

On arrival, officers had to force entry to Sparshatt’s address – inside they found a 40-year-old woman with serious head injuries.

She alleged Sparshatt had held her against her will and then repeatedly hit her with a wooden chair leg when she had refused to have sex with him.

Sparshatt was arrested and once in police custody he initially admitted attacking the victim and suggested he intended to cause her more harm. He was subsequently charged and remanded in custody.

The victim was taken to hospital for treatment and subsequently discharged.

 **DC Cora Keogh of the South East BCU said:**

“This was a violent and sustained attack on a defenceless woman; if it hadn’t been for the prompt call to police by a concerned member of the public and the actions of the officers when they arrived then this could have had far more serious consequences.

“Sparshatt is a violent man and I am pleased that the court has handed him a significant jail sentence which truly reflects the seriousness of his crime.”
