```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: Dec
  reference: '5318'
og:
  description: Police were called at 18:54hrs on Tuesday, 29 December to reports of a man assaulted in Canonbury Road, N1.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/rrqqhjldd3zi4azopp02.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal after man left partially blind following Islington robbery
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-man-left-partially-blind-following-islington-robbery-418499
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal after man left partially blind following Islington robbery - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-man-left-partially-blind-following-islington-robbery-418499
```

Jan 06, 2021 06:30 GMT

**Detectives are appealing for information after a man was left partially blind following a robbery in Islington.**

Police were called at 18:54hrs on Tuesday, 29 December to reports of a man assaulted in Canonbury Road, N1.

Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and found a 19-year-old man with facial injuries. He was taken to hospital with life-changing injuries.

The victim is reported to have been walking along Canonbury Road when he was approached by two men. One of the men stole his bag and hit him repeatedly around the face with a baton-style weapon.

He is described as black, aged in his late teens with spikey hair and of a skinny build. He is thought to be around 5 foot 7 inches tall and was wearing a black top and black and white tracksuit bottoms.

 **Detective Constable Faisal Issaouni, of the Central North Basic Command Unit, said:** "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack on a man who has been left with injuries that will affect him for the rest of his life.

"We're reviewing CCTV from the area and have spoken to a number of witnesses as we try to track down the man responsible. I'm appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who can help us, to get in touch as soon as possible."

There have been no arrests.

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CAD 5318/29Dec.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
