```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Officers are asking for the public&#39;s help to trace two suspects believed to have been involved in an attack where a 15-year-old sustained serious facial...
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/k5wpmba3updzsr8pgygi.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal for information after teenager stabbed in Islington
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-teenager-stabbed-in-islington-418963
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal for information after teenager stabbed in Islington - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-after-teenager-stabbed-in-islington-418963
```

Jan 14, 2021 12:42 GMT

**Detectives are appealing for information after a teenager was found with lacerations to his face in Islington.**

Police were called at 18:58hrs on Thursday, 7 January to reports of fight in progress on Corporation Street, N17.

Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and found a 15-year-old male with stab wounds to his face. He was taken to a north London hospital for treatment.

Two suspects - one believed to be in a car and the other on a moped - fled the scene before police arrived. Officers from the Met’s Gangs Unit are working to trace them and are appealing for any information relating to the incident.

 **Detective Constable Maddie Johnson, leading the investigation, said:** "This was a brutal attack which has left the victim with facial injuries that could be with him for the rest of his life. We are committed to finding those responsible and ensuring they are held accountable for their actions.

“Were you in the area that evening and remember seeing something suspicious? We urge anyone who may have information to please get in touch with police.”

There have been no arrests and enquiries continue.

Anyone who can help police is asked to call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD 5644/07 JAN. Information can also be provided, anonymously, to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
