```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "Detective Sergeant John Millward said: \u201CThis callous attack left the victim shaken and with cuts, bruising and swelling to his face."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/wzbvewsmbxfb88a9n8ew.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal after robbery of taxi driver in Harrow
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-robbery-of-taxi-driver-in-harrow-422063
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal after robbery of taxi driver in Harrow - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-robbery-of-taxi-driver-in-harrow-422063
```

Feb 25, 2021 14:03 GMT

**Detectives investigating an assault and a robbery on a taxi driver in Harrow are appealing for witnesses to get in touch.**

At around 03:30hrs on Thursday, 28 January, a taxi driver in a white Toyota Prius was punched in the face by his three passengers when he refused to take them to their destination.

The taxi driver managed to get out of his car, but one of the attackers got in the driver’s seat. The man then drove into the side road adjacent to Havilland House where he crashed into another car, and made off down Elmgrove Road towards Station Road.

Detectives are looking for three black men aged around 20. They wore dark coats, tracksuit bottoms, and two of them wore face masks.

 **Detective Sergeant John Millward said:** “This callous attack left the victim shaken and with cuts, bruising and swelling to his face. The attackers also stole his money and phone.

“Although it happened in the middle of the night, I’m appealing to anyone who might have witnessed or have footage of the incident to get in touch. It was on a residential estate – we know that people heard the commotion, looked out their windows and some of them went to help the victim.”

Anyone with information is asked to call the incident room on 020 8358 1010 or tweet @MetCC with the reference CAD 711/28JAN.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.
