```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Detectives have released an image of a car they want to trace following a stabbing in Walthamstow in October.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/i2zjablija9rkxbvgwz0.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal for information following stabbing in Walthamstow
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-walthamstow-418484
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal for information following stabbing in Walthamstow - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-for-information-following-stabbing-in-walthamstow-418484
```

Jan 05, 2021 09:45 GMT

[Image of car sought following Walthamstow stabbing]

**Detectives are appealing for information after a man was stabbed in Walthamstow in October.**

Police were called at 00:45hrs on Saturday, 24 October to reports of a stabbing on Blackhorse Road, near the junction with Lloyd Road, E17.

Officers attended, along with London Ambulance Service, and found a 31-year-old man suffering from multiple stab wounds.

He was taken to an east London hospital where he continues to receive treatment for his injuries.

The suspects - described as four young males dressed in dark clothing - fled the scene in a silver VW Golf car before police arrived. Officers from the Met’s North East Gangs Unit are working to trace any information relating to the vehicle captured on CCTV.

 **Detective Constable Ramandeep Gahir who leads the investigation said:** “This was a brutal attack which inflicted a devastating injury on the victim. We are committed to ensuring those responsible are suitably brought to justice for their actions.

“We are seeking the public’s help to identify the vehicle captured on CCTV - do you recognise this silver Volkswagen Golf? Were you in the area on that evening in October and remember seeing something suspicious? If so, please get in contact.”

There have been no arrests; enquiries continue.

Anyone who can help police is asked to call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD316/24th Oct20. You can also provide information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
