```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "A probationary police constable has been found guilty of being a member of a banned organisation after a proactive investigation by the Met\u2019s Counter..."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/rmnxq4qznjzxjupg5tac.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Serving Met officer convicted of terror offence
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/serving-met-officer-convicted-of-terror-offence-424628
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Serving Met officer convicted of terror offence - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/serving-met-officer-convicted-of-terror-offence-424628
```

Apr 01, 2021 14:30 BST

PC Benjamin Hannam, 22

**A probationary police constable has been found guilty of being a member of a banned organisation after a proactive investigation by the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command.**

PC Benjamin Hannam, 22 (22.07.1998), of north London, was identified as having previously been a member of a proscribed right wing terrorist organisation when he was linked to an online profile by Counter Terrorism (CT) officers.

Following a trial at the Old Bailey, Hannam was today, Friday, 1 April, found guilty of membership of a proscribed organisation, two counts of fraud by false representation and two counts of possession of document likely to be of use to a terrorist.

 **Commander Richard Smith of the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command said:** “The public expect police officers to carry out their duties with the very highest levels of honesty and integrity. Sadly, PC Hannam showed none of these qualities, firstly by joining and engaging with a far-right proscribed organisation, and then when he lied about his past links to this group when applying to become a police officer.

“Thankfully, as part of a wider proactive investigation by officers in the Counter Terrorism Command, we were able to identify PC Hannam as being a member of a proscribed group and when we linked his online profile to his real-world identity, we quickly moved to arrest him.

“PC Hannam was a young man when he was radicalised and seduced online by this toxic ideology. Now, more than ever we need friends and family to look out for those who might be vulnerable to radicalisation and if you have concerns, then please, ACT Early and contact us in confidence, as we can help before it is too late.”

PC Hannam, who was suspended from duty following his arrest, will be urgently considered for an expedited misconduct hearing process by the Directorate of Professional Standards now that verdicts from the criminal proceedings against him are known.

Hannam came to the attention of Counter Terrorism detectives in February 2020, as they were investigating individuals linked to a far right extremist internet forum ‘Iron March’ – some of whom were suspected of being members of the proscribed National Action group. The focus of the investigation was to identify any potential UK-based individuals from the forum and link their online persona to their real-world identity.

When Hannam’s real-world identity became clear to officers, showing that he was a serving officer within the Met, fast-time enquiries were carried out and Hannam was arrested at his home in north London on 5 March 2020.

PC Hannam was subsequently charged with membership of a proscribed organisation relating to his affiliation with National Action and two counts of fraud, relating to application and vetting forms he submitted to join the Met. He was also charged with two counts of possession of documents likely to be of use to a terrorist – these related to documents found on a USB memory stick.

During the warrant at Hannam’s home, officers seized various digital devices belonging to the probationary police officer. These were analysed and further evidence was found confirming he was linked to the Iron March profile.

Analysis of his computer showed that he had used it to access the Iron March forum and visit web pages linked to National Action. Officers discovered that he had also visited web pages relating to the proscription of National Action, making it obvious that he was aware that the group was deemed to be a terrorist organisation by January 2017.

Hannam also moved various files relating to the banned group into a new folder indicated by ‘NA’ within his USB memory stick.

Officers were sure that Hannam knew about its proscription and that by storing the files on his memory stick in this way, he understood that the material related to National Action which was now banned. It also demonstrated that he was continuing his involvement with the group at the point they became proscribed on 16 December 2016 by the then Home Secretary.

After his arrest, officers were able to piece together evidence that PC Hannam had not only been engaging with the banned group online but that he had had direct involvement with them in the real world too.

The court heard that on 6 March 2016, Hannam had attended a National Action meeting in a pub in Paddington and that until the summer of 2017, he had continued to attend various activities and events organised by the group.

On 19 July 2017 he applied to join the Met, and then later in October, he submitted the associated vetting form as part of that process. On his application and vetting forms Hannam lied that he had no associations with or membership of extreme right wing groups. Had he been honest, this would have automatically precluded him from joining the MPS.

All known involvement by PC Hannam with National Action had ended by 30 September 2017, prior to the start of his police training on 26 March 2018.

In addition, but unrelated to the charges above, Hannam also previously pleaded guilty to possession of a prohibited image of children, which officers had found on one of Hannam’s digital devices in the course of their investigation into his membership of National Action.

Hannam is due to be sentenced for all above matters on Friday, 23 April.
