```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: DEC
  reference: '3667'
og:
  description: 'Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing that took place in Newham yesterday have arrested a man.


    Police were called to Stondon Walk, East Ham, E6 at...'
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/yllf2jjwx7odff7z1697.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "\u200B\u200BDetectives arrest a man after fatal stabbing in Newham"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/detectives-arrest-a-man-after-fatal-stabbing-in-newham-418356
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "\u200B\u200BDetectives arrest a man after fatal stabbing in Newham - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/detectives-arrest-a-man-after-fatal-stabbing-in-newham-418356
```

Dec 30, 2020 12:48 GMT

**Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing that took place in Newham yesterday have arrested a man.**

Police were called to Stondon Walk, East Ham, E6 at 15:18hrs on Tuesday, 29 December following reports of a man being assaulted.

Officers attended with the London Ambulance Service and found a 28-year-old man who had been stabbed. London’s Air Ambulance was also deployed.

Despite the efforts of the emergency services, the man was pronounced dead at the scene.

His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Shortly after 23:00hrs on the same day, officers arrested an 18-year-old male at an address in Newham on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody at an east London police station.

 **Detective Sergeant Fenton Davis from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command (Homicide) said** : “This arrest is positive progress but we are still in the very early stages of our investigation. This murder took place in daylight, in a residential area, at a time when we know many people were in their homes.

“I believe that there will be people in the local community who either saw, heard or know something about this incident. They hold the key to helping us bring those responsible to justice and I would appeal for them to come forward.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident or who knows anything about what happened is urged to call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD 3667/29DEC.

Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
