```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "\u200BPolice attended calls to 58 unlicensed music events and parties in breach of Tier 4 rules across London overnight."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/j9yctncf8xftkv2p3eq9.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "Update re policing operation in London on New Year\u2019s Eve"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/update-re-policing-operation-in-london-on-new-years-eve-418388
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "Update re policing operation in London on New Year\u2019s Eve - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/update-re-policing-operation-in-london-on-new-years-eve-418388
```

Jan 01, 2021 11:19 GMT

**Police attended calls to 58 unlicensed music events and parties in breach of Tier 4 rules across London overnight.**

The vast majority of those were closed after police intervention.

217 people were issued fixed penalty fines, while five people have been reported for consideration for a possible £10,000 fine for organising large gatherings of people.

Four people were arrested for breaching Covid regulations after gathering in central London.

Police were called to an incident of serious violence in Edgware Road at around 00:32hrs after two males, aged 18 and 19, were found with stab injuries. A 17-year-old girl was also found with a head injury having been struck with a glass bottle. Two people have been arrested.

None of their conditions are life-threatening. The incident is suspected to be linked to reports of a large number of people gathered at a property in Connaught Street that was dispersed by police. Full enquiries into the circumstances continue.

 **Commander Paul Brogden said** : “In all, the vast majority of Londoners complied with the Covid regulations that are in place to protect themselves and their loved ones, and we’re grateful to those people. The public are all too aware that Tier 4 restrictions have been put in place to reduce the spread of the virus and to protect the NHS.

“We did attend a number of calls to parties and unlicensed events across London, including one where two people were stabbed. My colleagues in the local command unit continue to investigate.

“Our enforcement activity will continue. If people insist on gathering and breaching regulations, then officers will attend and encourage people to disperse. Where necessary, enforcement action, including fines starting at £100 and working their way up to £10,000, will be considered.

“We are still dealing with the stark reality of fighting a deadly virus. I urge Londoners to continue to keep themselves and their families safe by staying at home.”
