```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: The Metropolitan Police has published its plan for New Year&#39;s Eve, with Londoners urged to stay at home.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/ahfnqya6a0rb5xgqjxps.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Met urges Londoners to stay safe by celebrating at home this New Year&#39;s Eve
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/met-urges-londoners-to-stay-safe-by-celebrating-at-home-this-new-years-eve-418369
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Met urges Londoners to stay safe by celebrating at home this New... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/met-urges-londoners-to-stay-safe-by-celebrating-at-home-this-new-years-eve-418369
```

Dec 30, 2020 15:49 GMT

******Although New Year’s Eve is looking very different this year, the Metropolitan Police has a detailed policing plan in place to ensure everyone has a safe evening.**

Commander Paul Brogden, leading this year’s operation, said: “We are still dealing with the stark reality of fighting a deadly virus.

“The public are all too aware that tier 4 restrictions have been put in place to reduce the spread of the virus and to protect the NHS. I would urge everyone to exercise caution, listen to government advice and celebrate the new year in the comfort of their own homes, not the homes of family and friends.”

The public can expect to see officers deployed across the capital, supporting communities and focusing strongly on the few people intent on breaching and ignoring the guidance put in place to keep everyone safe.

Officers will also be paying attention to parts of London that are experiencing the highest infection rates.

Commander Brogden continued: “As we have throughout the year, if we become aware of planned events that breach Covid regulations, we will engage with organisers or venues to make them fully aware of the legal consequences and encourage them to cancel. Failure to cancel such events, like unlicensed music events, will likely see the organiser facing a very significant fine.

“Although the New Year is almost upon us, now is not the time for complacency or to meet with others and hold parties of any kind.

“If people insist on gathering and breaching regulations, then officers will attend and encourage people to disperse. Where necessary, enforcement action, including fines starting at £100 and working their way up to £10,000, will be considered.”

The operational activity will also oversee any demonstrations planned. Organisers are reminded that they must comply with regulations on organising and attending an assembly as well as their submitted risk assessment.

Commander Brogden added: “I would finally like to remind Londoners that there will be no firework show in central London this year. There is also a reduced service on some transport routes across the capital.

“Please welcome in 2021 from the comfort of your own home instead of being stuck in central London with nothing to see and no easy way of getting home.”

For more information on travelling within London, please see the Transport for London website.
