```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "The eight occupants at the address \u2013 aged between 28 and 65 years old - were all arrested for firearms and drugs offences."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/ndnfjh7lyidm3ewhhafq.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Three firearms recovered after police raid in Lambeth
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/three-firearms-recovered-after-police-raid-in-lambeth-424255
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Three firearms recovered after police raid in Lambeth - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/three-firearms-recovered-after-police-raid-in-lambeth-424255#related
```

Mar 26, 2021 21:07 GMT

A revolver was recovered after an intelligence-led operation in Lambeth

******A revolver and two self-loading pistols have been recovered after they were thrown from a window during a police firearms operation.**

On the Thursday, 25 March, officers from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command carried out an intelligence-led operation in Lambeth targeting those involved in the supply of firearms within London.

As armed officers approached the address on Camberwell New Road, SE5, a bag was thrown from an upper window of the premises.

The address was secured by officers and eight occupants were brought out and detained.

A search of the property and surrounding area resulted in the discovery of a bag in a nearby garden. This bag was found to contain two self-loading pistols, a revolver, a silencer and a quantity of ammunition for each firearm. Approximately half a kilo of cocaine was also seized from inside the address.

The eight occupants at the address – aged between 28 and 65 years old - were all arrested for firearms and drugs offences and taken to a South London police station.

 **Detective Inspector Adam Seton, from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command, said:** “I am in no doubt these deadly weapons would ultimately have been used to cause serious harm or death on the streets of London. We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to remove firearms from circulation and protect our communities by arresting and prosecuting those intent on perpetrating serious violence.”
