```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: DEC
  reference: '3667'
og:
  description: Police are investigating after a man was found stabbed
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/kpawprw9fvx8ei2r5sds.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Murder investigation launched in Newham
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/murder-investigation-launched-in-newham-418334
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Murder investigation launched in Newham - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/murder-investigation-launched-in-newham-418334
```

Dec 29, 2020 17:12 GMT

******A murder investigation has been launched following a fatal stabbing in Newham.**

Police were called to Stondon Walk, East Ham, E6 at 15:18hrs on Tuesday, 29 December following reports of a man being assaulted.

Officers attended with the London Ambulance Service and found a 28-year-old man who had been stabbed. London’s Air Ambulance was also deployed.

Despite the efforts of the emergency services, the man was pronounced dead at the scene.

His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

There have been no arrests at this early stage but an investigation is underway. The public can expect to see an increased police presence in the area in the coming hours and days while officers conduct enquiries.

A Section 60 Order, providing officers with greater search powers, has been put in place to cover the E6, E7, E13 and E16 postcodes until 07:40hrs on Wednesday, 30 December. The decision was taken, after careful consideration of all available information, in order to prevent further violent incidents.

Any information about the incident could be vital to finding out what happened and bringing those responsible to justice.

Anyone who witnessed the initial assault or who knows anything about what happened is urged to call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD 3667/29DEC.

Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
