```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: The arrests were made on Monday, 1 March, as part of an ongoing operation into the supply of class A drugs in Kent and south east London.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/pczacauj1xlddpiypppn.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "Four arrested after \xA3500,000 worth of cocaine seized by Met officers"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/four-arrested-after-500000-pounds-worth-of-cocaine-seized-by-met-officers-422327
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "Four arrested after \xA3500,000 worth of cocaine seized by Met officers - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/four-arrested-after-500000-pounds-worth-of-cocaine-seized-by-met-officers-422327
```

Mar 02, 2021 11:40 GMT

[Officers seized 10kg of cocaine after they searched a van and an address]

**Three men and a woman have been arrested after officers from the Met's Specialist Crime team discovered 10kg of cocaine with an estimated street value of £500,000.**

The arrests were made on Monday, 1 March, as part of an ongoing operation into the supply of Class A drugs in Kent and south east London.

One of the four men arrested was seen leaving an address in Bromley and meeting with another man in a white van. Both men were detained and searched and officers discovered 8kgs of suspected cocaine.

A search of the Bromley address revealed a further 2kgs.

Another man and a woman presented themselves at the Bromley address and were also arrested.

All four, aged between 26 and 42, were arrested for being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, namely cocaine and taken to custody where they remain.

 **Detective Inspector Nikki Owen, from the Met’s Specialist Crime South, said:** “Removing approximately half a million pounds worth of Class A drugs in an afternoon is great work by Met officers. Within a few hours we deployed, detained and arrested three men and one woman involved in the supply of drugs – which is the catalyst for violent crime that so many of us are concerned about. Drugs can devastate lives, ruin families and damage communities.”
