```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: "\u200BDetectives have released footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with a number of alleged sexual touching and indecent exposure incidents in..."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/oyossvpapnsbqgj5wgqb.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Detectives appeal for help to identify suspect in series of linked sexual offences
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/detectives-appeal-for-help-to-identify-suspect-in-series-of-linked-sexual-offences-424042
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Detectives appeal for help to identify suspect in series of linked... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/detectives-appeal-for-help-to-identify-suspect-in-series-of-linked-sexual-offences-424042
```

Mar 24, 2021 19:41 GMT

Officers want to identify this man

**Detectives have released footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with a number of alleged sexual touching and indecent exposure incidents in east London.**

In the first incident on Wednesday, 20 January, a 15-year-old girl was walking on Rostrevor Avenue, N15 when she was approached by a man who showed her pornography on his mobile phone.

In the second incident, a 12-year-old girl was walking on Linthorpe Road, N16 at around 19:00hrs on Tuesday, 16 February when she was approached by a man who exposed himself to her before making off.

Later that evening at around 21:00hrs, a woman in her 20s was pushing her child in a buggy along Kyverdale Road, N16. She was approached by a man who pushed her and then touched her bottom before fleeing.

None of the victims suffered serious physical harm but all three were left incredibly shaken and upset.

Due to the timings, locations and how the victims were approached, police are treating the incidents as linked. Officers have been speaking to members of the community and conducting additional patrols to provide reassurance.

 **Detective Constable Patrick Godin, investigating, said:** "We are doing everything we can to identify and apprehend the man responsible. I am asking local people to study the images and footage issued very carefully and contact us immediately if they have information that could help. Please work with us to help keep your communities safe.”

Anyone with information should call 101 or tweet @MetCC and quote reference 4603660/21.

Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
