```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '15'
  month: DEC
  reference: '5615'
og:
  description: E-fits of two men sought following two distraction burglaries in Hackney in July 2019 have been reissued by police.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/dnkg0tflzt1edjqo8bx7.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: E-fits reissued - Hackney distraction burglaries
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/e-fits-reissued-hackney-distraction-burglaries-418326
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: E-fits reissued - Hackney distraction burglaries - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/e-fits-reissued-hackney-distraction-burglaries-418326
```

Dec 30, 2020 07:00 GMT

[E-fits of two men sought re: Hackney distraction burglaries]

******Detectives have reissued e-fit images and are continuing to appeal for information following two distraction burglaries targeting elderly victims in Hackney.**

The e-fit images are of two men they would like to speak with in connection with burglaries which both occurred on Wednesday, 22 July 2019, within a short time of each other.

 **Detective Constable Tom May of the Central East Command Unit CID, who is leading the investigation, said:** "I would urge the public to take another look at these images to see if they recognise these men. Although both sets of victims were physically unharmed, they have been left distraught by the callous actions of the men who preyed on vulnerable, elderly people.

"I urge anyone who recognises the men in these images - or anyone who has been approached in a similar fashion - to contact us immediately."

At around 12:30hrs, an 89-year-old woman left the address she shares with her 90-year-old husband in Gosset Street, Hackney to go shopping.

She was approached by a man in the street wearing a blue lanyard who told her an explosion had taken place and that they needed to go into all of the flats to check the water pipes.

The victim agreed to take the man to her home, at which point they were joined by another man who followed them.

Once inside the property one of the men began moving materials from under the sink while the other suspect searched the living room, where the victim's husband was sat.

Both men then left a short time later.

The female victim was confused as to why one of the man had entered the living room. She asked her husband - who was in recovery having recently suffered a stroke - what the man had done. He was confused but responded that the man had taken a black bag.

The elderly woman then realised the man had taken a handbag containing around £4,000 in cash. She alerted her daughter who then called the police.

In the second incident, two hours later, an 85-year-old man and his 77-year-old wife were at their home near Mabley Green in Homerton.

At around 14:30hrs, two men knocked on the door, claiming to be from Thames Water. They said an explosion had taken place down the street and they needed to check the water.

The male victim was directed to go upstairs and turn the taps on while the elderly woman looked down the street to see what had happened.

A short time later, both men left.

Later on, the victims went out but became suspicious when they noticed that they could not see any works taking place. They returned home and searched their bedroom, discovering that around £400 had been stolen, as well as sentimental jewellery including an engagement ring and Star of David necklace.

They then alerted police.

Suspect one is described as a white male, approximately 40 years old. He was about 5ft 8inches tall and was “plump” in figure. He had short dark hair and was clean shaven. He was wearing a dark jumper and trousers. He had a lanyard around his neck.

Suspect two is described as a white male, very thin build, aged around 17-19-years-old, clean shaven, with short brown hair slicked back with gel. He was wearing a grey, thin summer waterproof style jacket with a cream t-shirt and blue jeans.

Anyone who has information that could assist police is asked to call 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CAD 5615/15DEC20.

Alternatively, to remain 100% anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
