```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: A CCTV still has been released of a man police want to trace following an attempted child abduction in Northolt.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/pwiuwicucxwsa0isixlh.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: CCTV still of man sought following attempted child abduction in Northolt
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/cctv-still-of-man-sought-following-attempted-child-abduction-in-northolt-419056
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: CCTV still of man sought following attempted child abduction in... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/cctv-still-of-man-sought-following-attempted-child-abduction-in-northolt-419056
```

Jan 15, 2021 13:46 GMT

[CCTV still of man sought]

******Detectives from the West Area are appealing for witnesses as they are seeking information in connection to an attempted abduction.**

The incident happened at approximately 14:30hrs on Thursday, 7 January at Northala Fields, Northolt.

The victim, a five-year-old boy, was approached by a man who picked him up and ran a short distance with the boy before being confronted by the child’s mother. The boy was then put down – he was unharmed.

The suspect has been described as having a pale complexion, of slim but muscular build, possibly with a moustache and was wearing blue/green hooded top, with a small white logo across the front, blue jeans with rips on the front and black trainers.

 **Detective Constable Ashleigh Nelson from West Area Command Area CID said:** “Incidents of this nature are very rare but I understand the concern it may have caused in the local community. I want to reassure people we are doing everything we can to find out who is responsible.

“I would appeal to anyone who has mobile phone or dashcam footage of the suspect, which may assist with identifying him, to get in contact as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CRIS 2500522/21.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
