```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: Dec
  reference: '5318'
og:
  description: Police are asking for the public&#39;s assistance to trace a male who attacked and robbed a 19-yr-old man in Islington on 29 December.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/iuirsinkvdt7u2lnbybi.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: E-fit released after man left partially blind following Islington robbery
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/e-fit-released-after-man-left-partially-blind-following-islington-robbery-418658
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: E-fit released after man left partially blind following Islington... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/e-fit-released-after-man-left-partially-blind-following-islington-robbery-418658
```

Jan 10, 2021 07:30 GMT

[E-fit of male sought following assault]

**Detectives have released an e-fit of someone they would like to speak after a man was left partially blind following an assault in Islington.**

Police were called at 18:54hrs on Tuesday, 29 December to reports of a man assaulted in Canonbury Road, N1.

Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and found a 19-year-old man with facial injuries. He was taken to hospital for treatment.

The victim is reported to have been walking along Canonbury Road when he was approached by two men. One of the men stole his bag and hit him repeatedly around the face with a baton-style weapon.

He is described as black, aged in his late teens with spikey hair and of a skinny build. He is thought to be around 5ft 7inches tall and was wearing a black top and black and white tracksuit bottoms.

 **Detective Constable Faisal Issaoui, of the Central North Basic Command Unit, said:** "I’m appealing to the public to take a good look at this e-fit and if they recognise him to get in touch with police.

“The victim has been left with injuries that will affect him for the rest of his life. It is incredibly important that we track down the person responsible for this horrific attack. I would ask anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant you may think it to be, to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

There have been no arrests.

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CAD 5318/29Dec.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
