```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Marcus Bouskill, then aged 33, was found collapsed at his home address on Parkfield Road, SE14, on 26 February 2008.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/ajsf8qjtlmuaok06mrsw.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Family of man left with life-changing injuries after attack in 2008 appeal for information
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/family-of-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-after-attack-in-2008-appeal-for-information-422052
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Family of man left with life-changing injuries after attack in 2008... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/family-of-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-after-attack-in-2008-appeal-for-information-422052
```

Feb 26, 2021 06:00 GMT

Marcus Bouskill

**The heartbroken family of a man left needing specialist care after he was viciously assaulted in Eltham more than a decade ago are appealing for the public’s help to identify his attackers.**

Marcus Bouskill, then aged 33, was found collapsed at his home address on Parkfield Road, SE14, on 26 February 2008.

He had been involved in an altercation three days before in the early hours of Saturday, 23 February, 2008, outside Racks Snooker and Pool Bar on Well Hall Road in Eltham, SE9.

Despite the length of time since the attack, detectives are more determined than ever to catch the people responsible for Marcus’ life-changing injuries, which have left him in need of permanent hospital care.

For Marcus’ family, who have been unable to visit him in hospital recently due to Covid regulations, the attack feels like it happened just yesterday. After going through a painful Christmas without being able to visit him, they are urging anyone with information to come forward on the 13th anniversary of his attack.

Before the incident, Marcus had been to The Crown pub on Court Road with colleagues and friends after work on the Friday evening (22 February, 2008).

He went on to visit Racks Snooker and Pool bar at about 23:00hrs. Marcus agreed with a colleague that he would be picked up for work at 08:30hrs the following morning to travel to work.

It is then believed that Marcus and two of his friends got into an altercation with a group of youths in the bar. When they were removed from the premises by security staff, a fight is believed to have continued outside.

At 01:30hrs, Marcus called his colleague who was due to pick him up for work to say that he would not be able to attend work later that morning. He explained that he had suffered a ‘bit of a hiding’ but was ok. Marcus did not wish to have medical treatment and was put in a cab home.

At approximately 09:30hrs that same morning, the colleague who was due to pick him up for work paid a visit to Marcus’s home to check he was ok. He was found covered in blood with a black eye and broken nose and was unable to recollect who had attacked him or why. At this time, Marcus was in a stable condition and his colleague stayed with him until midday and left after Marcus told him he didn’t wish to attend hospital.

Over the coming days, Marcus’s condition deteriorated. His friends did not hear from him for the next two days and contacted his family on the 26th.

They immediately rushed to his flat and, after officers forced entry into the property, Marcus was found in a life-threatening condition.

He was taken to a south London hospital where he now requires constant medical attention.

**Marcus’ family said:** “Marcus was our youngest son. He was a loving, caring young man and someone knows who did this. We urge you to come forward with the evidence you may have.

"Marcus did not deserve this; he was a healthy, fit roofer at the time of the attack and now he cannot walk or talk and is tube fed and confined to a wheelchair. Someone, please have the courage to tell the truth about what happened to our boy so we can somehow carry on with our lives and get Marcus the justice he deserves."

During the course of the investigation, detectives have followed and eliminated numerous investigative leads and have spoken to a large number of witnesses.

A total of ten people have been arrested as part of the investigation but have been released with no further action.

After 13 years, officers are still pursuing a number of lines of enquiry.

 **Detective Constable Mike Morgan said: "** Marcus has been described as a friendly and well-liked man who got on with everybody. This was a nasty attack which, tragically, changed his life forever.

“Marcus went on a night out with work colleagues 13 years ago and, following an altercation, is still suffering to this day. For Marcus and his family, this is a life sentence. We need to catch those responsible and bring them to justice.

“We need to find out exactly what happened on the night of the attack and establish what lead to the fight breaking out.

“We believe a number of white youths were involved that Marcus had previously met at the Post Office pub just a few weeks earlier, however, the cause of the altercation remains unclear.

“We know there were a lot of people in the area at the time the fight broke out. Did you see something? I would urge you to get in touch. Any information, no matter how small or insignificant it may seem, could help us. Please get in touch.

“Sadly, Marcus will never recover from the brutal injuries he sustained that night. Help bring both Marcus and his family some peace by helping us find those responsible for this shocking and cowardly attack.”

Anyone with information is asked to call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 quoting reference number 3605571/08.
