```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Detectives are renewing their appeals for anyone with information about missing Richard Okorogheye to come forward as searches in Epping Forest enter their...
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/lacowomj1mgvbzkm3afe.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Police activity in Epping Forest enters third day as search for Richard Okorogheye continues
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/police-activity-in-epping-forest-enters-third-day-as-search-for-richard-okorogheye-continues-424652
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Police activity in Epping Forest enters third day as search for... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/police-activity-in-epping-forest-enters-third-day-as-search-for-richard-okorogheye-continues-424652
```

Apr 03, 2021 07:00 BST

Missing: Richard Okorogheye

**Detectives are renewing their appeals for anyone with information about missing Richard Okorogheye to come forward as searches in Epping Forest enter their third day.**

19-year-old Richard left his family home in Ladbroke Grove, Kensington on the evening of Monday, 22 March. He travelled by bus in west London before taking a taxi to Loughton where he was last seen, on CCTV, in the early hours of Tuesday, 23 March.

As a result of that sighting, officers from across the Met, supported by Essex Police, have been carrying out searches in nearby Epping Forest over the past two days.

The second day of search activity in the area concluded yesterday evening. So far, nothing of relevance to the investigation has been found. Further activity will resume this morning.

Detectives continue to keep an open mind about Richard’s whereabouts. They are exploring all possible lines of enquiry and are still appealing for anyone who believes they have seen Richard at any time since he went missing to come forward.

They are also issuing a new appeal, directly to Richard himself.

**Detective Superintendent Danny Gosling, Head of the Met’s Central West Public Protection Unit, said** **:** “People can go missing from home for any of number of reasons. Our job is not to cast judgement but to work to find them and bring them home safely.

“My message to Richard is clear. Our only concern is your safety. You are not in trouble and have done nothing wrong. If you read or hear this message we would ask you to contact us, or someone you trust, to let us know you are safe. Your loved ones and many other people who you do not even know, are very concerned.

“I would also like to thank the public for their continued support in sharing our appeals, checking doorbell and dash cam footage and passing on any information. As our efforts to find Richard continue, the eyes and ears of ordinary members of the public will be essential tools in our search.”

Anyone who sees Richard should call 999 immediately.

Anyone with other information that could assist officers involved in the search should call 101 quoting 21MIS008134.

 **Timeline:**

Initial enquiries identified Richard leaving his home and heading in the direction of Ladbroke Grove, W10 on 22 March at approximately 20:30hrs.

He was then seen boarding the 23 bus in Ladbroke Grove, heading southbound at 20:44hrs. CCTV footage shows he was wearing all black and had a black satchel bag with a white Adidas logo, worn across his lower back.

Further enquires have established that Richard then took a taxi journey from the west London to a residential street in Loughton, Essex. He was captured on CCTV walking alone on Smarts Lane, Loughton, towards the area of Nursery Road and Epping Forest at 00:39hrs on Tuesday, 23 March.

There have been no further confirmed sightings.
