```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '29'
  month: DEC
  reference: '3667'
og:
  description: 28-year-old Abiola Akerele was pronounced dead after police were called to reports of an assault in Stondon Walk on Tuesday, 29 December.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/qcuyizgsjrh2jvsoenjn.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Further charges in East Ham murder investigation
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/further-charges-in-east-ham-murder-investigation-418401
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Further charges in East Ham murder investigation - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/further-charges-in-east-ham-murder-investigation-418401
```

Jan 03, 2021 17:28 GMT

[VICTIM: Abiola Akerele]

**Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Newham have charged two men with murder.**

[C] Harry Ehibor, 20 (15.10.00), of Chalk Farm Road, Camden, and [D] Saeed Farouk, 21 (12.03.99), of Macaulay Road, East Ham, were charged on Saturday, 3 January. They will appear in custody at Thames Magistrates' Court on Monday, 4 January.

Police were called at 15:18hrs on Tuesday, 29 December to reports of an assault in Stondon Walk, East Ham. Officers attended along with London Ambulance Service and a 28-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene.

He was identified as Abiola Akerele. His next of kin continues to be supported by specialist officers. A post-mortem examination established he died as a result of a stab injury to the heart.

[A] Rayhan Yasin Ali, 18 (09.09.092), of Abbots Road, East Ham, was charged on Friday, 1 January with murder. He appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court on Saturday, 2 January where he was remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey on Tuesday, 5 January.

A 17-year-old girl [B] who was arrested on Friday, 1 January on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until a date at the end of January. On Sunday, 3 January a 20-year-old man from east London [E] was arrested on suspicion of murder at a residential address in Essex.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or who knows anything about what happened is asked to call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD 3667/29DEC.

Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111.
