```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: A man arrested on Christmas morning in Pinner has been charged with aggravated burglary
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/atexhd8e4phu3otmxsd1.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: "\u200BBurglar armed with knife arrested on Christmas Day"
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/burglar-armed-with-knife-arrested-on-christmas-day-418278
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: "\u200BBurglar armed with knife arrested on Christmas Day - Metropolitan Police"
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/burglar-armed-with-knife-arrested-on-christmas-day-418278
```

Dec 27, 2020 12:09 GMT

**A man arrested on Christmas morning in Pinner has been charged with aggravated burglary.**

Tony Corby, 32 (20.06.88) of Greenway, Pinner appeared in custody at Willesden Magistrates’ Court on Saturday, 26 December, charged with two counts of aggravated burglary and one count of attempted aggravated burglary.. He was remanded to appear at a crown court on a date to be confirmed.

At around 0730hrs on Friday, 25 December, police were called to reports of an aggravated burglary in Pinner. An elderly woman was threatened with a knife after a man gained access through patio doors. He made off with a quantity of cash.

While police were responding to that incident, they were called at 0755hrs to a man seen by a neighbour running from a burglary at another address in Pinner and at 0805hrs to an attempted break-in nearby.

There were no reports of any injury in the three incidents, which were quickly identified as linked.

A number of lines of enquiry were rapidly investigated, resulting in a police raid at around 0830hrs at an address in Pinner Hill Road. Items including a knife and a rucksack were recovered at the premises and 32-year-old Tony Corby was arrested.

He was taken into police custody and later charged as above.

 **A/Chief Inspector Jason Stewart of the Met's North West BCU said:** “Police officers came into work across the capital on Christmas Day as part of their total commitment to protecting our communities.

"Their response to these incidents in Pinner was rapid and diligent. Using their skills and local knowledge, they were able to arrest a man very soon after the burglaries. I’d like to thank our Response Team officers and CID detectives for some excellent joint working.

"There were over 6,000 calls to the Met and other operational taskings recorded on Christmas Day, all of which will have been assessed and acted upon. We know that Londoners appreciate the dedication of the officers who are working throughout this festive season and who will continue to act with determination and professionalism to keep them safe and to target the criminals whose offending is a year-round activity.”
