```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: The family of Alexander Kareem are appealing for information on his 21st birthday
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/nmgyxcadyz0psd3wlzcu.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: New appeal following fatal shooting in Shepherd&#39;s Bush
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/new-appeal-following-fatal-shooting-in-shepherds-bush-424037
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: New appeal following fatal shooting in Shepherd&#39;s Bush - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/new-appeal-following-fatal-shooting-in-shepherds-bush-424037
```

Mar 25, 2021 06:00 GMT

[Victim: Alexander Kareem]

******The family of Alexander Kareem, who was fatally shot in Shepherd’s Bush in June 2020, have released a statement on what would have been his 21 st Birthday.**

Alexander was killed in what is believed to be a case of mistaken identity as he rode an e-scooter to a friend’s house at 00:40hrs on Monday, 8 June 2020 on Askew Road in Shepherd’s Bush.

Detectives have carried out a large CCTV operation to track down a white Range Rover, which was found burned out 25 minutes after the shooting just over three miles away in Ascott Avenue.

Today, Thursday, 25 March, would have been Alexander’s 21st birthday and his family and officers continue to appeal for information.

 **To mark his birthday, Alexander's family have released the following statement:**

"Today should have been a day full of celebration, a day we would have spoken about how proud we were of the young man Alex had become. We would have been talking about his time at university, he would have new friends to tell us about, be full to the brim with new knowledge from his course in computer science and be discussing his future plans.

“Instead, we find ourselves at a sense of loss. Loss of the bright and passionate young brother, son and friend he was, but also at a loss as we still need information which will help the police find who killed Alex.

"March 25 was once such a happy day and it is now marked by sadness, a constant reminder that we have lost such an important part of our lives.

"Our loss will be felt forever, nothing can bring Alex back, but you can help us start to heal by coming forward with information.

"If you know what happened, if you know who did this, please do the decent thing and contact the police or Crimestoppers. Someone in the community knows who killed him, they know who pulled the trigger so ruthlessly and unnecessarily at our gentle and caring Alex.

"We are so grateful to the community who have supported us throughout this investigation and for those who have come forward with information so far.

"Make the call, do it today so we can start to look forward. These individuals who robbed Alex of his bright future need to be found. We wait, with broken hearts, for that information to come through and potentially give us closure.

"Let's do this together, as a community, to help bring justice for Alex.”

 **Detective Chief Inspector Wayne Jolley, from the Specialist Crime Command, who is leading the investigation, said:** “The investigation into Alexander’s murder continues. We are now nine months on from this terrible incident and continue to seek information from the public.

“If you are unsure or do not want to speak to officers, you can call Crimestoppers, which is completely anonymous. They also have a £10,000 reward in place for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for Alexander's murder.

“Alexander’s 21st birthday is a reminder to us all of the extraordinary loss that his family and the community feel. We understand the community will be feeling apprehensive but I want to reassure you that we are determined to bring those involved to justice. We need your help to solve this, please get in touch if you have any information. Don’t hesitate, make the call.”

Anyone with information is urged to call police on 101 quoting the reference CAD 224/08JUN.

Information can also be provided, anonymously, by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Crimestoppers is an independent charity. They cannot trace your name or IP address and information is provided to them in full confidence.
