```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: An investigation is underway after a woman with learning difficulties was allegedly sexually assaulted in Forest Hill on Monday, 28 December.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/pkvsq0b2oucii2vcajbz.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Officers appeal for information after sexual assault allegation
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/officers-appeal-for-information-after-sexual-assault-allegation-418419
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Officers appeal for information after sexual assault allegation - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/officers-appeal-for-information-after-sexual-assault-allegation-418419
```

Jan 04, 2021 09:55 GMT

**Detectives are appealing for information following an alleged sexual assault in Forest Hill.**

The victim, a woman in her 20s with learning difficulties, was reported missing on the evening of Sunday, 27 December and returned home in the early hours of Monday, 28 December, with a man who was not known to her.

When the woman arrived back home, the police were called. She then alleged that she had been sexually assaulted by the man who, by this point, had already left the address.

She stated that between midnight and 04:30hrs, the man took her to his flat in the Forest Hill area, near to where she lives, and sexually assaulted her. It is not known how she met the man.

The person of interest, who officers wish to speak to, is reportedly a black male of slim build, approximately 5ft10 and around 25-30 years-old. He was reportedly wearing a black coat, black tracksuit bottoms and white trainers.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who saw a man matching that description walking in the Forest Hill area, with a woman, between midnight and 04:30hrs on Monday, 28 December. Any information, no matter how small, could be important.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting the reference CAD 935/28DEC20.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
