```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: On Tuesday, 23 June 2020, a 45-year-old man was walking through Ponders End Park when he was approached by a man who launched an unprovoked and sustained...
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/kkjazy4yjqlkg2c92rla.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal to trace man in connection with unprovoked assault in Enfield
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-to-trace-man-in-connection-with-unprovoked-assault-in-enfield-421983
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal to trace man in connection with unprovoked assault in Enfield - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-to-trace-man-in-connection-with-unprovoked-assault-in-enfield-421983
```

Feb 25, 2021 06:00 GMT

An image of the man sought

**Detectives are releasing images of a male they want to identify in relation to a serious assault that occurred in Enfield last year.**

On Tuesday, 23 June 2020, a 45-year-old man was walking through Ponders End Park, EN3 at approximately 21:00hrs when he was approached by a man who launched an unprovoked and sustained attack on him.

The victim was taken to hospital having suffered significant facial injuries, for which he continues to receive treatment.

An investigation was launched by the North Area Command Unit CID, but despite extensive efforts to trace the man, he has so far not been identified.

 **Detective Sergeant Simon Phillips is investigating. He said:** “This appalling attack happened on a warm, sunny evening, in full view of a large number of people who were out in the park.

“We have followed a number of leads but our efforts so far have been without success. The images we have are of good quality though, therefore I am confident that someone out there knows who this man is and can help us. Please do make the call immediately.”

Anyone who is able to identify the male from the images or has information that could assist the investigation is urged to contact North Area CID via 101 quoting 7416/24FEB2021.

Alternatively tweet @MetCC or to remain 100% anonymous, contact the indepednent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
