```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '11'
  month: SEP
  reference: '834'
og:
  description: "\u200BDetectives are seeking the public\u2019s help to identify a man they wish to speak to in relation to a sexual assault in north London."
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/awro0y04nhy4sqyadhvg.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Image released of man sought in connection with sexual assault in Camden
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/image-released-of-man-sought-in-connection-with-sexual-assault-in-camden-418183
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Image released of man sought in connection with sexual assault in... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/image-released-of-man-sought-in-connection-with-sexual-assault-in-camden-418183
```

Dec 30, 2020 06:30 GMT

An image of the man police would like to speak to

**Detectives are seeking the public’s help to identify a man they wish to speak to in relation to a sexual assault in north London.**

The incident occurred on Friday, 11 September at approximately 02:35hrs.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, was making her way home after meeting a friend. She was walking through Pancras Square, N1, when she suddenly became aware of the presence of an unknown male, who had begun to follow her.

The man proceeded to approach her before subjecting the woman to a sexual assault.

The victim managed to flee her attacker and security officers were able to alert police.

Detectives are keen to identify and speak to a man captured on CCTV around the time of the incident.

He is a white male, around 5ft7 in height, who was wearing a black puffer jacket, light blue jeans, and black shoes.

 **Detective Constable Lauren Ebert, from the Met’s Central North safeguarding team, said:** “The victim in this incident suffered a terrifying ordeal after a night out.

“We are requesting the public’s help to identify the man pictured above. If you recognise this man, please come forward and speak to us, no matter how insignificant you may think it is.

“You can do so by calling police on 101, quoting CAD834/11SEP20, or by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
