```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: 41 fixed penalty notices have been issued following the gathering on Thursday.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/usx368fjkuqnfqhpvirf.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Officers break up gathering of more than 100 people in north London
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/officers-break-up-gathering-of-more-than-100-people-in-north-london-419073
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Officers break up gathering of more than 100 people in north London - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/officers-break-up-gathering-of-more-than-100-people-in-north-london-419073
```

Jan 15, 2021 17:19 GMT

******Police have issued 42 fixed penalty notices following a gathering involving more than 100 people in north London.**

Officers were called to Clyde Road, Haringey, N15 on Thursday, 14 January following reports from members of the public who were concerned about the number of people at a gathering.

More than 100 people had come together to mourn the loss of a member of the traveller community. Some of those attending were consuming alcohol and became aggressive towards police when advised that they were breaching coronavirus regulations and needed to disperse.

Officers issued 42 fixed penalty notices and arrested one person on suspicion of an unrelated theft.

A policing plan has been put in place in conjunction with the local authority to prevent any further incidents. A dispersal zone has also been authorised in the area and residents are likely to see an increased police presence this evening and over the weekend.

 **Acting Chief Inspector Steve Connolly said:** “Covid-19 legislation does not allow for gatherings of this type to take place. Although 30 people are allowed to attend a funeral, related gatherings such as these fall outside of what it legally permitted.

“Although we know that the community has suffered a loss, we also know that large meetings of people from different households are behind the rapid spread of the virus through London.

"We would urge people to stick to the rules in order to keep everyone safe. There are other ways to stay in contact with family and loved ones that don't involve meeting face to face.

“The virus is out of control across London and it is paramount that we continue to work together by staying at home to protect the NHS and save lives.”
