```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '28'
  month: DEC
  reference: '3928'
og:
  description: Officers were called to the Weir Road area in Clapham, SW12 on Monday, 28 December at 16:37hrs following reports of a burglary and assault.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/yllf2jjwx7odff7z1697.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Lambeth
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-lambeth-418372
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Lambeth - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-lambeth-418372
```

Dec 31, 2020 06:00 GMT

**Detectives are appealing for anyone with information about an aggravated burglary in Lambeth.**

Officers were called to the Weir Road area in Clapham, SW12 on Monday, 28 December at 16:37hrs following reports of a burglary and assault.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, was taking rubbish out to her bins when an unidentified suspect grabbed her from behind, forced entry to her premises, demanded money and threatened her with a knife.

The suspect took about £260 in cash and jewellery.

The suspect is described as a black male, aged in his mid-to-late 20s, around 5ft 7in tall with a slim build, and he spoke with a British accent. He also had stubble on his lower face and chin. He had a small diamanté stud ear piercing in his left ear, and was wearing a black baseball cap with an ‘NY’ emblem on the front of the hat in white, a baggy black hoodie and dark-coloured denim jeans.

 **Detective Sergeant Tom Dunn from the South Area Command’s CID, said:** “The victim was treated at the scene by the London Ambulance Service and while her condition is not life threatening, the brutal nature of this attack will have a lasting impact. The offence was committed against a defenceless victim and we are working to establish the circumstances of what happened and find the person responsible.”

“We urge anyone who saw unusual or suspicious activity in the area on Monday evening, or who has other information about the attack, to call police on 101 or tweet @MetCC quoting CAD 3928/28DEC20”.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously, by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
