```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Londoners are being urged to keep following the rules as new data is released showing the number of fixed penalty notices issued since the start of the pandemic
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/exkx1kquvh9x8puclrlb.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: More than 10,000 fines for Covid breaches issued by the Met since March 2020
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/more-than-10000-fines-for-covid-breaches-issued-by-the-met-since-march-2020-422041
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: More than 10,000 fines for Covid breaches issued by the Met since... - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/more-than-10000-fines-for-covid-breaches-issued-by-the-met-since-march-2020-422041
```

Feb 25, 2021 12:45 GMT

Stock image

**Following the publication of the Government's roadmap for the way out of lockdown, the Met is urging Londoners to redouble their efforts to stop the spread of the virus by complying with the rules.**

The plea comes as new data shows Met officers have issued more than 10,000 Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) since the start of the Covid-19 outbreak in March 2020.

While the roadmap contains positive news, the Met's message is clear - now is not the time for complacency. Throughout the city, Londoners must continue to stick to the rules which are fundamentally there to save lives.

Regrettably, officers continue to respond to calls where people have recklessly and dangerously breached the regulations by organising house parties or unlicensed music events. Separately, the Met continues its work with Transport for London to enforce the wearing of face coverings. Data shows that more than 350 FPNs have been issued by officers after people failed to wear a face covering on public transport or in a relevant place. Officers across the force's Roads and Transport Police Command have also issued warnings to a further 67,000 people.

 **Commander Alex Murray, the Met’s strategic lead for Covid-19 enforcement, said:** “At the start of this year, London was gripped in a desperate battle with Covid-19. As a result, many people have tragically lost their lives. Across the city, Londoners and London’s business owners have made huge sacrifices to limit their contact with others, ultimately driving down the infection rate.

“We all welcome the roadmap announcement by the Government. The hope of returning to normal should make us all redouble our efforts to fight this virus and avoid any delay to the easing of lockdown restrictions. However, right now the restrictions have not changed and we must all continue to follow the rules to save lives.

“That means you must stay at home wherever possible. You should not be meeting with other households unless a support bubble is in place or you are meeting one other person for exercise.

“Since the outbreak of Covid-19, the Met has issued more than 10,000 fines for people who have broken the rules. It has been deeply frustrating that a small minority have feigned ignorance by holding parties or large gatherings, while others lay in hospital dying or suffering with the effects of the virus. We said from the outset that these breaches would not be tolerated and today’s data demonstrates our commitment to this claim, taking action where necessary.”

Data from the National Police Chief’s Council shows the Met has issued 10,357 fixed penalty notices, covering the period from 27 March 2020 to 14 February 2021. Met data on face covering warnings issued by the Roads and Transport Policing Command covers the period from September 2020 to February 2021.

 ****

Officers across London will continue to take action against rule breakers, adopting the 'Four E’s' process of engaging, explaining, encouraging and then enforcing.
