```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
og:
  description: Over half of all new Met detectives are women, the latest figures show
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/yg3ezkbzvaxptgi6xmq0.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Direct entry detective scheme
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/direct-entry-detective-scheme-418993
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Direct entry detective scheme - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/direct-entry-detective-scheme-418993
```

Jan 15, 2021 07:30 GMT

**Since 2017 people can join the Met as a detective constable without first undertaking a role in uniform policing.**

The direct entry detective scheme is proving to be particularly popular among women with 52 per cent of the new recruits in 2020 being female. In addition, 30 per cent of the applications we received in November 2020 were from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic candidates.

 **Detective Chief Superintendent Tara McGovern, who leads on the detective programme, said:** “We opened the new route into being a Met detective with an aim of attracting those who would have never considered a career in policing, and this is indeed the case. Since starting the scheme, we’ve consistently seen over half of the new detectives being women.

“This direct entry route is also appealing to Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic candidates and we will continue to build on this as we want the Met to be as diverse as London.

“It is a challenging role but we have experienced officers and detectives supporting our new recruits throughout their training programme. I know that many of the new detectives are career changers and they tell me that the reason they are joining the Met is to seek a new and exciting challenge. Overall I get a real sense that most of our new detectives just want to make a real difference to the lives of Londoners.”

The direct entry detectives join on a two-year trainee programme which is delivered in partnership with four London universities.

The majority of the initial training is on the frontline, learning alongside experienced officers. This ensures people new to policing get both the theoretical investigative knowledge and operational experience and skills to serve our London communities.

Upon completing training and gaining relevant experience, there are a significant number of diverse roles for detective constables which could range from working to safeguard a child or vulnerable adult, investigating a serious organised crime group, or developing intelligence in murder investigations.

 **Trainee Detective Constable Monia Candian, who joined the Met in November 2018, said:** “I had a long career in retail management but I was looking for a change and a job that would be exciting to get up for.

“Every time I walk into a police station I still think it’s such a dream come true to be a Met detective. It’s been a hugely welcoming organisation and the support I’ve had throughout my training has been just amazing.

“I joined knowing that it’ll be hard work but really rewarding. If you put the effort in and are willing to learn, it doesn’t matter that you haven’t been a uniformed officer before.

“I’ve been impressed with how much the Met does and the work that goes on behind the scenes. We are dealing with people at their most vulnerable and it’s been humbling to see the lengths we go to make people safe and help them when they need us the most.

“The work is really varied and every day is different – one day you could be making early morning arrests, taking victim statements or attending court. Anyone considering joining, I’d say go for it. It’s a hard job but nothing compares to the positive impact you can make on people’s lives.”

 **Trainee Detective Constable Laura Hothersall, said:** “I joined in May this year and have just started in the criminal investigations department to continue with my training programme.

“I was a marketing consultant before but I’d always wanted to be a detective. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to be a police officer first but when I saw the direct entry route, I knew immediately that’s for me.

“It’s been a steep learning curve as I haven’t done anything related to policing before but I absolutely love it and becoming a Met detective has been the best decision of my life.”

\+ If you would like to find out more about being a Met detective and to apply, please visit: www.met.police.uk/detectives

Application are open for degree-holders and for a limited time only.
