```yaml
area: Metropolitan
fb:
  app:
    id: '164521400263620'
incident:
  day: '20'
  month: Dec
  reference: '5257'
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a teenage boy was seriously injured on 20 December.
  image: https://resources.mynewsdesk.com/image/upload/t_open_graph_image/r8ghr1ywuvhrfifpeesg.jpg
  site:
    name: Mynewsdesk
  title: Appeal after teenage boy seriously injured in Merton stabbing
  type: article
  url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-teenage-boy-seriously-injured-in-sutton-stabbing-418265
pressroom:
  name: Metropolitan Police
title: Appeal after teenage boy seriously injured in Merton stabbing - Metropolitan Police
url: https://news.met.police.uk/news/appeal-after-teenage-boy-seriously-injured-in-sutton-stabbing-418265
```

Dec 24, 2020 16:15 GMT

**Detectives are continuing to appeal for information after a teenage boy was seriously injured in a stabbing in Merton.

** Officers have now established that the attack, which happened at around 17:00hrs on Sunday, 20 December, took place at the junction of Goat Road and A237 London Road near to the Crown of Mitcham in Merton.

Police were called at approximately 17:00hrs on Sunday, 20 December after a 17-year-old reported being assaulted on the junction between the A237 London Road and Goat Road **.**

A 17-year-old male reported he was approached by a man who attacked him before fleeing the scene.

The teenager self-presented at a south London hospital where he underwent surgery and remains in a stable condition.

Officers from the South Area Basic Command Unit are investigating and want to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area at or around the time of the incident.

 **Detective Constable Samantha Thompson said:** "This was a serious assault and left the victim with significant injuries. I would urge anybody with information, no matter how small, to speak to police, so we can bring those responsible to justice."

There have been no arrests.

If you can help please call 101 or tweet @MetCC, quoting CAD 5257/20Dec.

Alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
